Date: Mon, 1 Feb 1999 23:03:21 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug

			     Dominated by Doug
			    By percxyz@aol.com

     I had always had sex with females through high school.  Only one time
had I done anything with a guy and that was just jack off with him in the
showers after gym one day.  We had never touched each other or ever spoken
about it after that.  When I started college I was looking forward to
expanding my sex life as much as possible.  I just didn't foresee how it
was going to expand.  I moved into a dorm room that I shared with one guy
and found out we shared a bathroom with six more.  It connected in the
middle of our rooms, so only the guys from our four rooms could access it.
The eight of us got to know each other very quickly, and I liked all of
them.  My roomie was my age, a bit shorter than me and a really great guy.
He was into basketball and working out and we partied a lot with the other
six guys.  I dated some of the co- eds and was pretty popular as I had
played sports in high school and had a good body.  I stood an even six feet
tall, had sandy brown hair and blue eyes that all the girls seemed to like.
While I wasn't all beefed up like some of the guys in the gym where I
worked out were, I had plenty of definition to my muscles.
     One of the guys in the room across the hall was named Doug.  He and I
had gotten to be more of acquaintances rather than friends.  He just seemed
kind of standoffish.  He was drop dead good looking and he knew it.  He
always seemed to be the center of attention when he was in a group because
of his looks, but he never seemed to take much of a liking to me.  I didn't
know why and just tried to treat him like a friend.  Doug was the
stereotype "surfer dude".  He had the blond hair, the tan and all the right
muscles to fit the bill.  He wore his hair a bit long in the back and wore
a thin strip of leather around his right ankle which I thought was really
cool.  One morning Doug and I both arrived at the shower in the morning at
about the same time.  There were two shower heads behind a single curtain
that were separated by a fiberglass type divider mounted on the wall.  It
only stuck out about a foot from the wall and ran from about shoulder
height down to my knees.  I had showered with a few of the guys before,
including Doug, and it was never any big deal.
     I had just gotten wet and was standing under the left shower head when
he arrived a few seconds later.  I thought he would walk away when he saw
me already under the showerhead, but he just turned the water on next to me
and seemed to ignore me.  I couldn't seem to ignore him though.  He had
almost no hair on his chest, but had a thick bush around his cock.  A quick
glance showed me that he was well endowed and almost certainly bigger than
me.  Suddenly I realized that he was watching me as I looked over his body.
I felt myself blush everywhere.
     "I know you are staring at me, Clay.  You a fag or something?"  I
didn't know what to say and just stared at him stupidly for a few seconds.
He had a smirk on his face as I tried to stammer out a response. He looked
me up and down and said "Thought so."  I realized that my cock was getting
hard!  I turned away from him a bit, but it was too late, he had already
seen me getting hard.  I didn't know what to think.  I had been fucking all
the chicks, just like the other guys, and now here I was getting hard in
the shower with another naked teenage male.  Doug paused for a second.  "I
can tell ya dig my body.  That's cool.  I get off on being admired.  But
remember, you can look, but if you touch, I'll kill ya."
     With that, he turned and faced me.  I ran my eyes from his face down
his body slowly.  His dark blond hair looked almost brown since it was wet.
His green eyes seemed to penetrate mine.  My eyes drank in the sight of his
well formed chest and tight stomach.  He played lacrosse in a league and
the exercise paid off.  I was in good shape from my time spent in the gym,
but he seemed to have just a natural good build along with his incredible
good looks.  It seemed every muscle in his body was well defined.  I
admired the sparse hairs across his chest in the valley between his pecs
and around his nipples.  Then my eyes reached his cock.  I had never had a
chance to get a good look at it before.  Soft, it looked about four or five
inches long and pretty thick.  Before I had a chance to really feast my
eyes, Doug turned back under the water.  I let my eyes linger, taking in
his lean, lithe form and the firm mounds of his ass before I turned away.
I knew I would throw a full boner if I kept looking at him.
     After that encounter, things seemed to go back to normal between Doug
and me.  We hung out with the rest of the guys and were if anything, better
buddies than we had been before.  I was kind of preoccupied with him for a
few weeks, but his steady stream of girlfriends impressed even me.  I was
still scoring with a few girls on campus, but not many as Doug.  Then, I
got stuck over a long weekend because my car had broken down.  I planned on
a boring weekend spent alone in the town.  I was very pleasantly surprised
to find that Doug was also there for the weekend.  I found him alone at the
dorm Friday evening when classes ended.  He suggested we go get a few beers
and we went to a local bar that evening.  Usually it was packed, but with
the holiday, there were only a few others there.  Over pitchers, we talked
and he brought up the subject of the time I checked him out in the shower.
We discussed the fact that we had both been fucking girls and he wanted to
know what was up with me.  Was I gay?  I told him that he was just a really
good looking guy and I had just been horny that morning.  He just stared at
me with a smirk on his face then moved on to talk about his latest
girlfriend.  Later we staggered home and each collapsed in bed.  We were a
bit hung over the next morning, but a long jog took care of that.
     After the run we showered again, and I took several covert looks at
his body, but I kind of knew that he knew I was looking at him. I even got
half hard watching him soap his crotch.  He saw it and put on a small show
for me, clearly enjoying being admired.  We both laughed a bit and my cock
got even harder, so I quickly rinsed off and left the shower.  While I
shaved, he stayed in the shower, but kept the curtain closed.  I was in my
room toweling off when Doug came through the door.  He was dry, but still
naked like me.  He sat on my bed.  I looked at him.
     "I gotta problem." he said.
     "What's wrong?"
     He grabbed his cock and stroked it a bit.  I watched as it grew in his
hand.  Within seconds, he was holding about eight thick inches of hard
cock.  I knew my mouth had dropped open, so I closed it.  He looked up at
me from where he was sprawled on my bed.  "This is what's wrong.  Any time
I wake up with a hangover, I am horny as hell for the rest of the day.
Usually it's not a problem, but all the chicks are gone.  I know you dig my
body.  Hell you just got hard watching me.  Figured I'd give you a thrill."
     "Well, I...  I do think you are hot, Doug, but what about the fact
that you will kill me if I touch you?"
     He chuckled.  "I will unless we do it my way.  I order, you obey.  Got
it?"
     "But..." I began.
     He began got up and started back towards the door.  "No problem dude.
If you aren't interested I'll just go jerk off."
     "No, wait!"
     He turned to me again, the sexy smirk I had seen before back on his
face. He looked very masculine and sexy with a day's worth of stubble on
his cheeks and chin.  "Yeah, that's what I figured, fag.  You won't let my
big dick get away.  Why don't you get on your knees?"  I looked at him for
a second.  I knew that if I did what he wanted and submitted to him, our
relationship would change, but looking at his hard, toned body and thick
cock was too much.  I slowly dropped to my knees. My own cock was rock
hard, jutting out from between my legs.  Doug just stood there looking at
me.  He looked so sexy, his hair was still damp, but much lighter now since
it was only damp.  It was uncombed, but he kept it very short, except for
the long locks in the back and it looked very sexy.  I waited on my knees.
He was near the door and I was scared to death he would turn and leave, but
as I watched, his eyes narrowed.
     "You look good on your knees, faggot.  You a cocksucker, boy?  You
already been on your knees for a real man?  You sucked a guy's dick before,
boy?"
     I told him that I had never done anything like this before.
     "Bullshit.  You've probably had a dozen guys' dicks in you mouth,
haven't you?"
     "No, honestly Doug, I can't even believe I am here doing this now."  I
dropped my eyes from his and to the floor, but then the sight of his hard
cock drew my gaze again.  Damn!  He looked so hot standing there!  He saw
where my gaze had settled.
     "You like my big meat, boy?"  I admitted to him that I did.  "Well,
crawl over here and kneel at my feet, cocksucker."
     I did as he ordered, my knees hurting on the hard floor.  But I
ignored the pain and the humiliation of crawling on the floor to get closer
to this handsome teenage stud and his throbbing hard cock.  He just grinned
and watched me as I did it.  When I got in front of him, my face only
inches from his cock, I stopped and looked up at him.  He was staring down
at me.  His cock bobbed just in front of my lips and I began to lean
forward to take him in my mouth, but his hand grabbed a fistful of my hair
stopped me.  He pulled my head back until my eyes met his.
     "I told you that we do this my way, pussyboy.  You got that?  You do
what I say when I say, or I'm outta here.  Understand?"
     I was kind of shocked to hear him call me that name, but just replied,
"Yeah, Doug."
     "You call me Sir, cocksucker."
     "Yes, Sir," I replied.  That wasn't too much to do if it got me the
chance to suck this stud's cock.  I had accepted now that I wanted nothing
more than to feel it slide into my mouth.
     Still holding my head by the hair, Doug grabbed the base of his cock
and began to slap my face with it.  I could feel the precum which was
flowing from the had smearing on my cheeks.  I opened my mouth and tried to
lick his cock, but he just rubbed it all over my face at first, avoiding my
mouth.  I was looking up at his handsome face staring down at me as he did
it.
     "Damn!  I can't believe that you would let another guy dick slap you,
Clay.  Big jock stud like you acting all macho with the rest of the guys
and now look at you.  Practically begging me to let you suck my dick.  Go
ahead, cocksucker.  Beg me."
     "Please, Sir.  Please let me suck your cock.  I am begging you, Sir.
Please let me lick your cock and suck it, Sir.  I want your dick so bad!"
     He released his grip on my hair and I captured his cock in my mouth.
I could taste the salty precum which was oozing from his slit.  My tongue
danced over the head and I listened as he moaned in pleasure.
     "Yeah, that's it cocksucker.  Work my cock with that tongue.  Make me
feel good, faggot."
     I reached up and ran my hands along Doug's calves, feeling the sparse
hairs that grew there.
     "No hands, bitch!  You just use your mouth.
     I dropped my hands to my own cock and began to stroke it as I slid my
lips down the length of his hot cock.
     "Dammit!" he said, yanking his dick from between my lips.  "I said you
couldn't use your hands, faggot.  Didn't you hear me? That means not on me
or on your pussyboy cock!"  He turned and walked to my closet.  I just
knelt on the floor as he opened the closet door and searched it, pulling
out my clothes and dropping them on the floor.  Finally he turned around
with a silk necktie in his hands.  As he walked back to me he told me to
stand.  I did.  He stepped behind me and grabbed my right wrist.  Doug
pulled it behind my back and then reached for my other wrist.
     "Doug, please..." I began, but he interrupted.
     "Shut up faggot!  I told you.  My way.  You want me to stop and I walk
out of here."
     I let him move my left wrist behind my back.  He whispered in my ear
as he bound my hands behind me.  "You didn't obey my order, boy.  I told
you not to use your hands.  Now I'm gonna make sure you don't."  I felt the
knot tighten and my wrists were tied, crossed over my spine at the small of
my back.  I felt Doug's arms wrap around me and pull me back against him.
His hard cock slid along my ass as he humped me some.
     "I'm gonna get me some of your boy pussy, bitch.  I'm gonna ram my
cock up inside you and turn you into my pussy.  Any man ever made you his
pussy boy?"
     "No, sir.  I've never even sucked cock before just now, sir.  Please
let me suck your cock."  I had never even thought that he might want to
fuck me and was now worried.  But Doug moved back in front of me and put
his hands on my shoulders.  He pushed me to my knees and again I found
myself with my mouth just inches from his hard dick.  Another drop of prcum
had formed and I lened forward and licked it off eagerly.  I heard him
laugh.
     "Damn.  What a fucking faggot!  So hot for my juice you can't even
wait for me to shove it in your mouth."  As he said that, he thrust his
hips forward and several inches of his thick cock slid into my mouth.  I
was in heaven, sucking greedily on his thick juicy cock.  I pushed my head
further, working my way down his shaft.  Doug began to thrust back and
forth slowly.  He pulled the head of his cock back to just inside my lips
and then thrust back in, a bit deeper each time.  The head of his cock
reached the entrance to my throat and as I gagged, he held my head firmly
between his hands and forced it in deeper.  Soon, my nose rested in his
black pubic hair.  He held there, his cock cutting off my air and I fought
the urge to gag.  "Yeah.  Soaking my cock in your throat, boy.  Feels
good!"  His hands held my head more tightly.  After a few seconds I began
to struggle, needing to get air.  Doug held his dick completely down my
throat for another few seconds, until I began to get desperate, then he let
go.  I quickly dragged my head back and inhaled deeply through my nose.  I
could hear Doug laughing.  He thrust in again.  Soon, he had set up his
pace and was roughly fucking my face.
     "Yeah, bitch.  Take my dick.  None of the chicks will let me fuck
their throats raw, but you've got no choice, do you boy?  Fucking eat my
meat.  Yeah, cocksucker, you were born to suck a man's dick.  You need a
rough fuck in the mouth real bad and I'm the man to give it to ya!"  The
speed of his hips had increased.  My eyes were watering and my lips and
throat were starting to go numb from his pistoning cock.  Still, my own
dick throbbed and twitched between my spread legs.  My arms pulled at the
tie around my wrists and I could tell that Doug liked watching me struggle,
but there was no way I could get free.  I felt him twist my head back,
managing to get even deeper in my throat.  I could now look up at him.  His
lips were parted as he panted with the effort of his fucking.  He was
looking right down at me and my eyes met his.
     "Gonna cum in your mouth, cocksucker.  Fill you up with my cum and
watch you drink it, faggot.  Damn, a guy swallowing another dude's fucking
sperm.  I can't wait to watch you drink my cum, boy.  Yeahhh!  Almost
there!  Ahh yeah!  Fucking cumming in your mouth!  Swallow it, Clay,
swallow the cum right out of my balls!"
     I had no choice but to swallow.  His cock was buried deep in my throat
when the first spurt shot forth and I never even tasted it.  But the force
of Doug's orgasm jerked his hips back and two large salty spurts covered my
tongue.  He then plunged in again, emptying more of himself down my throat.
Then he pulled back and held the head on my tongue.  Another larger spurt
of his hot cum shot out, then he milked the shaft with his hand for a
second.  I flicked my tongue over the head, lapping up the large drop of
sperm he had squeezed out.  Then the palm of his left hand pushed against
my forehead and knocked me back onto the floor on my butt.
     I looked up at Doug.  His chest was covered with a thin sheen of sweat
and his face was flushed.  He was still taking deep breaths from his
exertions which gave me a great view of his magnificent chest expanding and
contracting.  My own cock was leaking precum and in desperate need, but
there was no way I could give it any attention.  Doug caught his breath,
staring down at me almost contemptuously and moved back to the bed.  He sat
on it again, his legs spread wide.  I saw that his cock was still hard.
Looking at him, sweaty and his hard cock throbbing and covered with my spit
had me even more turned on.  I definitely wanted to suck this stud again!
     I didn't realize that his plans were a lot different.  After a couple
seconds to compose himself, he stood and grabbed my hair again.  He pulled
me over to my bed and pushed me face down onto it.  I felt him working at
the knot in the tie around my wrist and sighed in relief.  When I was free,
I pulled my arms forward to rub my wrists.  That was exactly what Doug
wanted.  He pinned both of my wrists to the bed above my head and I felt
his weight settle on me.
     Doug used his knees to force my legs apart and then I felt the warmth
of the skin of his chest against my back.  I could feel his hard nipples
scraping across my shoulder blades as he slowly ran his cock up and down
along the crack of my ass.  I knew what he planned to do.  Doug was
mounting me.  He was going to fuck me!
     "No, Doug, please.  I don't take it up the ass.  Please, let me suck
you again!"
     "You don't take it up the ass?  Hell, all fags take it up the ass.
You're a fag, so you should know that.  Don't worry, pussyboy, I've busted
a couple cherries before." Doug's lips were right up against my right ear
and I could feel his warm breath as he spoke.  "Of course those were
chicks.  They all wanted it nice and soft and slow and I always had to be
real gentle with them as I opened them up.  It's gonna be great to bust you
wide open fast, hard and rough.  You're gonna take it from a real man.  I'm
gonna make you my bitch, Clay"
     I felt him raise up a bit.  Doug slid his muscular forearms up under
my arms and locked his hands across the back of my neck putting me in a
headlock.  I could feel the head of his cock, lubed only by the last of my
spit and some of the precum he was leaking lodged at my entrance.  I didn't
want him to do it.  Sucking off Doug was one thing.  I had even swallowed
this dude's whole load of cum.  I had figured that would be it.  Or maybe a
second blowjob when he was still hard.  But to feel another male mount me
and shove his cock up into me was something I had never planned on.  I had
submitted to his dominant attitude when he took over my mouth and fucked my
face, but that was nothing compared to the ultimate in submission: allowing
another teenage guy to fuck me up the ass and cum inside me, making me his
bitch to use his words.
     "Please Doug.  Stop.  Don't fuck me.  I will suck you again!  I will
do anything you want, but please don't fuck me in the ass, Sir!"
     I heard him laugh.  "You want this, bitch.  Don't try to deny it.  You
get off on me on top of you, using your body for my own pleasure."  He
unlocked his hands and ran the left one down my body to my crotch.  His
fingers encircled my hard cock and I gasped in pleasure.  "See, pussyboy?
Here I am laying on you with my dick head ready to slide into you and you
are hard as a rock and leaking precum.  So don't tell me you don't want
this.  You were fucking put here on earth to be fucked by my big dick,
bitch!"  He locked his hands behind my neck again putting me into a
headlock from which I couldn't break free.  He used his knees to spread my
legs even further, opening me up for his penetration.
     I felt his hips begin to push forward.  He showed no mercy, just
forced his cock deep into me in one fast, unrelenting thrust.
     "Ahhh! No!!  Please Doug!  Please stop!  It's too big, Doug.  I can't
take it!"
     "You are taking it faggot!  And before I cum up in your pussy, you'll
be loving it.  So just shut your mouth and take it like cock loving punk
that you are.  You're getting your cherry busted wide open, boy.  Of course
it's gonna hurt.  But before long you'll see I was right.  You gotta take
it rough and hard.  I am the first man up your hole, faggot.  I am making
you into a pussy.  But I won't be the last man to use your hole, bitch.  I
am gonna make sure you are wide open and ready for the men who get here
after me!"  He thrust a bit more and the whole length of his cock was now
buried up inside me.
     I felt violated, both physically by the huge cock inside me and also
mentally as his words sunk in.  His huge cock seemed like an arm had been
shoved up inside me.  There were tears in my eyes again, this time from the
pain.  The words that Doug was saying into my ear penetrated my head even
as his cock penetrated my body.  He had done it.  He had busted my cherry.
His dick was up inside me moving around in small circles, probing as he
ground his hips.
     "Feel it fucking you, bitch," he whispered into my ear.  "Feel my big
cock sliding up inside your pussy, faggot.  Oh yeah!  You are fucking
tight, pussyboy.  Tighter than any bitch I've fucked before.  Oh fuck yeah.
Squeeze my big cock with that ass, boy.  Work my cock!  Oh fuck yeah.
Fucking faggot.  Fucking faggot!"
     He kept saying that with each thrust in and and I couldn't tell if he
was calling me names or just telling me what he was doing.  He words turned
to moans and grunts after his thrusts began to increase in speed.  The pain
of his penetration was subsiding, and with it, the humiliation of being
mounted by another teenage male.  His cock began to feel good moving inside
me.  I liked the feel of the weight of his body on me and the sliding of
his skin against mine as he humped my pussy.  I could feel his sweat
dripping onto my back and then his teeth on the neck of my skin.  He bit
and nipped at my neck, just as I had done to girls that I had fucked
before.  I knew I would have marks there the next few days.  His hot breath
against my skin drove me crazy.  He began to pound into me even harder
fucking me like a two bit whore.
     Doug's hands unlocked from behind my neck and began to explore my body
in a way no one had ever done before.  Doug pulled me up onto my hands and
knees, taking me doggie style now.  I was no longer resisting him.  I loved
the feeling of his cock sliding in and out of me.  I heard moaning and
realized that I was making the noise.  Each time Doug thrust in, he forced
out a moan from deep in my chest.  Doug's hands felt all of my intimate
areas, even stroking my cock for a second.  As his fingers slid into my
mouth, his cock pounded into me and I sucked on his fingers like they were
his cock.  Then Doug wrapped his arms around my chest and pulled me upright
onto my knees.  I could feel his cock probing at a different angle now as
he thrust up into me. I ran my hands over his arms, then down my sides and
behind me.  I grabbed his ass cheeks for a second, feeling the powerful
muscles which were driving his cock into me before he ordered me to stop.
I turned a bit when he forced me to the side and I could see our reflection
in the mirror on the closet door.  There I was, on my knees, the blond stud
pressed up against my back with his arms around my chest and his hips
thrusting his cock into me.  All of my muscles stood out as my body tensed
with the force of taking his cock.  All the time I had spent in the gym,
working out, making myself look good was now for the benefit of giving
pleasure to this dominant teenage male.  Doug let me fall forward and I was
back on my hands and knees.
     Doug's hands slid under my chest, finding my nipples and pinching
them. He squeezed them harder and harder.  I moaned now in a mix of pain
and pleasure.  The feelings from my ass as he fucked me were incredible
now.  I was in ecstasy.  This straight boy had put me on my own bed,
mounted me, taken my cherry and was making me love it.  I knew that there
was only one step left to complete my submission to him.  He was not long
in demanding it.
     "Come on, pussyboy.  Tell me how much you love what I am doing to you!
Tell me what I am doing to you, faggot, and tell me how much you love it."
     "Oh god, Doug!  I love it!  You are fucking me up the ass and I love
it.  Fuck me!  Fuck me harder Doug.  Please!  Please fuck me harder up the
ass!"
     "I'm fucking your pussy, bitch.  Get that straight.  I am a man and I
fuck pussy.  I took your cherry and made your hole into a pussy.  Now I am
gonna fill you with my seed, just like I would any other pussy.  Oh yeah!
Gonna cum deep up inside you baby!  Gonna cum real soon!"
     "Oh god, Doug.  I am gonna cum too.  I'm about ready to shoot my cum.
Oh shit.  Your fucking me is gonna make me shoot my wad."
     "Catch it in your hand, bitch.  I want you to catch your fucking
faggot load in your hand!"
     I felt his cock throbbing in my ass and his roar of pleasure confirmed
that he was filling my guts with his cum.  The force of his thrusting
brought me to the edge and with a loud moan, I began to cum.  As Doug
emptied his balls into my body, I emptied mine into my cupped hand.  Doug's
rough fucking continued through his orgasm, then he collapsed onto me.
This drove his cock deep into me one last time.  He lay on top of me, two
fingers sliding into my mouth as I held us up with just one arm.  My other
hand full of my own hot load.  I felt his dick begin to soften.  After a
few moments, Doug lifted himself up and his dick slid from my abused ass.
He knelt back and told me to turn around.  I slid around on the bed to face
him.  I was blushing, I knew, as I looked at Doug again.  He was covered in
sweat and breathing heavily still.  The rush I had been feeling as he took
my virginity and made me submit to him had dissipated when I had cum.  Now
I was just feeling embarrassed.  But Doug's domination had not ended when
he pulled his cock out of me.  He reached forward and grabbed my right
wrist.  He forced my hand, covered with my own cum, to my face.
     "Lick it up, bitch." he ordered.  I looked at him, hoping he was
kidding, but the look in his eye told me he wasn't.  I obeyed and licked my
own cum from my hand as he watched.  His face broke into a smile as he saw
the power he had over me.  I cleaned my hand completely then reached back
and felt my hole.  It was stretched feeling and Doug's cum was everywhere.
     "Now you've got me in both ends, Clay.  And now I own your cherries,
both mouth and pussy.  I took them from ya and every time you look at me,
you're gonna remember that I was the first man to fuck you, to make you his
bitch."  He walked back into the bathroom and I heard the shower start.  I
climbed off the bed and followed him in.  I needed to clean up too.  In the
shower, Doug was not at all shy.  He gave me every view of his body that I
wanted, showing off.  I watched for a few minutes working up my courage.
     "Doug, will you fuck me again.  Please?"
     Doug looked at me and laughed.  "I'm gonna fuck you, mouth and ass,
ten times before the guys get back Sunday. When my chicks are back, I'm
gonna be fucking them.  But I will always want some of your ass when there
aren't any girls available.  And don't worry, I know that the other guys
will be more than happy to keep you full of cum when I am busy once I tell
them about your talents.  But before that you gotta earn the right."
     "What do I have to do?"
     "Just what you begged me to let you do earlier, before I showed you
what a pussy you are.  Suck my dick."  He pushed me to my knees under the
cascading water.
     Doug was true to his word.  We spent the weekend with me taking his
cock in every position he could think of.  When the guys came back, one by
one he let them in on the secret and I took all of their cocks within the
next two months. But for the most part I only got Doug's dick when none of
his current chicks were around or he was between girlfriends.  There were
certain times when he just wanted to dominate me, show his power over
another male, and those were some I enjoyed the most.  But I got a lot of
action from my suite mates and my roommate in the meantime.  Still, every
time I looked at Doug, I remembered the feeling of his cock ramming into me
that first time and busting my cherry open.  I would see him walking to
class or out at a bar and the thought of his first penetration would flash
through my mind and make my cock stir.  He made me his bitch and showed me
how much I needed to be fucked by a real man.
Date: Sun, 9 Jul 2000 18:06:46 EDT
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug Chapter 10

                        Dominated by Doug

                            Chapter 10

                                by

                         Percxyz@aol.com

     I was thankful when Mike untied my wrists from the bed rail above my
head.  I sat up, rubbing at them and watching Mike as he moved to sit on
the other bed.  God, he was a hot young stud!  Just watching the muscles
rippling under his smooth skin was making me horny again.  I found that
hard to believe after the session I had just had with Mike, but he reminded
me a lot of Doug and thoughts of Doug always made me horny.  He leaned back
against the wall, facing me.  His cock still shone with my spit and was
throbbing slightly with his heartbeat.  I finally managed to tear my eyes
away from his meat and look up at his face.  Mike was staring directly at
me.  His face was still flushed from his exertions, which made him even
sexier.

     "So, faggot, I guess you enjoyed that."  He waited for a reply.

     "Yes, sir, that was wonderful," I replied.

     "Like I said, you took it well, boy.  Doug's good at breaking in fag
boys like you.  I'm just surprised he hasn't made you a locker room slut.
You have all the makings for it.  How many dudes has he shared you with?"

     I told Mike about Doug's pledge brothers, my roommate Seth, Johnny and
Lyle.  I didn't tell him about sucking off the guy in the library.  Mike
listened and his cock grew harder and harder as he pressed me for details
of what I had done to me and how I had felt when the guys were up inside
me.  Admitting to him how much I had liked what the guys had done to me got
my own cock hard.  I could tell that Mike was ready for some more action
but then I heard the sound of a key in the door.  I almost panicked for a
second, but realized that it was just Doug returning.  A glance a Mike
showed me that he was completely calm, hard cock and all.  The voices
coming from the hallway told me that Johnny and Doug had both returned.  In
seconds, they were in the bedroom with Mike and me.

     Johnny looked at both of us then let out a loud chuckle.

     "Looks like your little bro wasted no time, Doug."  He turned to look
at me.  "So how did you like being a pussy to a high school punk?"  I
blushed but said nothing as Johnny laughed again.

     "Well, you had your fun, little bro.  How was he?  A good enough
pussy?"

     "Fuck yeah, Doug," Mike replied.  "You broke him in but good.  Damn
fag took every inch of my meat and shot his wad twice while I screwed him."
Mike laughed.  "Haven't seen a guy do that since you and I double teamed
that kid in camp a couple years ago."  Mike reached down and lewdly began
to stroke his cock.

     "Well, I am in the mood to shoot a load or two," Doug said.  "How
about you, Johnny?  You horny?"

     "Well, I wouldn't mind a quick blowjob, but I gotta meet up with some
guys for a basketball game in about fifteen minutes."  Johnny looked over
at me.  He was wearing jeans, slung low on his hips and a white t-shirt,
which emphasized his dark good looks.  His eyes seemed to bore into mine as
he looked at me.  "Why don't you take care of me, faggot, and I will leave
you to play with the brothers."

     I didn't try to or even want to resist.  I climbed off the bed and
walked to Johnny, dropping to my knees in front of him.  He just stared
down at me as I undid the buttons of his 501's and reached into the flap of
the boxers he was wearing.  I pulled his dark cock out.  It wasn't even
fully erect as I opened my mouth and let the head slide across my tongue.
I tasted his salty sweat as well as some precum that he was starting to
leak as I wrapped my lips around the shaft.  As I added suction, Johnny's
hands, which had been at his sides, grabbed my head tightly.  He began to
fuck his now steely hard cock into my mouth.  I didn't know if it was the
presence of Doug and his brother or if the latino stud was just very horny,
but it was obvious he wanted to blow his load as quickly as possible.  I
tightened my lips more around his thrusting cock, taking the head into my
throat as Johnny began to long-dick my mouth.

     "Damn!  What a cocksucker!"  It was Mike speaking.  "You didn't even
have to order him to do it.  He just got on his knees and took your cock!"
Mike sounded amazed.

     "He's had it before," Johnny panted, "and he loves it.  He also loves
it when I cream his mouth.  And I'm gonna do that here in just a few
seconds."

     With my eyes watering, I tilted my head back, so I could look up at
the stud's face.  Johnny's looks were now a real turn on for me and I
wished that he had taken off his shirt so that I could see the mounds of
his pecs covered with the dark hair he had on his chest.  But I had to make
do with the form of his body which showed nicely in the tight white cotton.
Then my eyes reached his handsome face.  His thin moustache and goatee,
always a turn on for me, made my cock ache.  I reached for it with my right
hand, but an order barked out by Doug stopped me from stroking my cock.  I
was extremely frustrated, but obeyed Doug's command.

     At the time I saw a few beads of sweat appear on Johnny's forehead, I
felt his balls, which had been slapping my chin begin to draw up to the
base of his cock.  Staring me down at me, Johnny let out a loud moan and
began to cum.  He pulled his cock so that the head only remained in my
mouth and the spurts of his cum covered my tongue, then began to fill my
mouth.

     "Don't swallow, faggot."  Johnny ordered.  I let his cum collect in my
mouth, enjoying the salty smoky taste of the latino stud's sperm.  With a
shuddering sigh of pleasure, Johnny finished cumming and slowly pulled his
cock out of my mouth.

     "Hold it right there, John my man."  I was surprised to hear Doug's
voice so close to my ear.  "Now turn his head a bit towards me.  That's
good.  Keep your mouth open, faggot!" Doug demanded as I started to close
it.

     The flash caught me in the eyes, blinding me for a second and leaving
me with spots in my vision.  Another flash burst across my face just after
Johnny released his grip on my head.  "Look up at me, Clay," Johnny ordered
quietly.  I obeyed.  "Swallow me."

     Looking up at the hot Latin stud, I swallowed, letting his cum slide
down my throat to my belly.  A pleased smile broke across Johnny's face,
his bright white teeth gleaming in his dark skinned face.  I could still
taste his sweat and his cum and swallowed again, watching his grin get
bigger.

     "Damn!  I just love watching this big white muscle boy, this Mr. Jock,
swallowing my seed.  Fuck that is just the best!"  Johnny turned from me
and opened his closet.  I stayed on my knees, unsure what to do as Johnny
pulled out a pair of shorts.  He shucked off his jeans and his boxers. My
eyes felt drawn to his exposed meat and Johnny caught the direction of my
gaze.  He laughed.

     "That's all you get for now, Clay."  He pulled on his jock and shorts,
then added, "At least from me."  He gave me a wink and walked out of the
room.  I was left on my knees with Mike, still stroking his cock, and Doug,
standing now and waving the two Polaroids to dry them out and help them
develop.  After a minute he stopped and looked at them.  He let out a low
whistle, raising his eyebrows.  I could feel the blood rising in my face.

     "These have got to be the best yet," Doug commented.  He handed a
photo to me and one to his brother.

     "Holy shit!" Mike exclaimed.  "You can see the cum in his mouth!"  I
looked at the picture in my hand and saw it was true.  The photo I was
holding must have been the second picture that Doug had taken because
Johnny's hand weren't holding my head.  The picture showed me, mouth open
and full of pearly cum, just inches from Johnny's softening dark cock, a
matching bead of cum on the head.  My eyes were open and their blue showed
clearly in the picture.  I lowered my head as Doug took the picture from
me.

     "I will just add these to my collection, Clay.  You are turning into
quite the model."  He chuckled.

     "You have more of him?  Can I see them?"  Mike asked.

     "Shut up little brother.  These pictures are mine.  You have plenty of
that fag you have back home.  I just gave you more than an hour with Clay
here.  Don't push your luck!"

     That apparently was enough to subdue Mike.  He settled back against
the wall, still stroking his cock, but didn't ask anything more about the
pictures.  I wondered what pictures he had at home and what they showed.
Were they as incriminating as the picture Doug had of me?  I figured that
they were and wondered what guy was in the photos.  I only had a second or
two to think before Doug roughly pulled me to my feet.

     "I told you I was horny, Clay.  Now be a good faggot and get these
clothes off me."  I was more than happy to oblige, first pulling his shirt
off, exposing his almost hairless muscular chest, then undoing his belt and
the button of his jeans.  As I lowered his zipper, I felt Doug's hand on my
shoulder, pushing me downward.  I sank to my knees at Doug's feet as Doug
wanted, my face now level with his crotch.  Doug's jeans slid down his legs
and I saw that he was wearing no underwear.  This turned me on even more.
Doug kicked off his shoes and stepped out of his jeans.  Now both of the
brothers were naked along with me.  Mike stepped up next to Doug and both
of their hard cocks pointed at my face.

     "Start with mine, faggot," Doug ordered.  "I will tell you when you
can switch to Mike's."  I eagerly moved my head forward, taking Doug into
my mouth and tasting him again.  While I enjoyed sucking Johnny and Lyle
and even Mike, no one tasted as good as Doug.  I didn't know if this was
because he was the first man who I had tasted, the way in which he had
established his authority over me or simply that I was infatuated with
everything about this hot young man and his incredibly sexy body.  I
decided I didn't care as I felt his hands on my head, forcing my mouth down
the shaft of his cock, further and further.  I let my throat open, as Doug
had taught me to do that first day only a few weeks before and soon my nose
was in his pubes.  I inhaled the scent of him, and my cock grew even
stiffer.  I wanted so badly to stroke my meat, but knew that I needed to
wait for Doug to allow it before doing so.  My hands clenched and
unclenched with stifled desire.  Doug noticed.

     "You can use your hands on me, boy.  You can feel me up some.  That
is, if you want to."  The last was said with a smirk that I could hear in
his voice.  Of course I wanted to feel his hot muscular body!  It was one
of the things I dreamed about at night.  Having hours on end to simply feel
and stroke his soft skin and feel his tight, hard muscles was becoming a
fixture of my nightly dreams.  My hands went immediately to the firm mounds
of his ass.  I grabbed them and pulled him even closer to me, if that was
possible.  Doug and I together ground his cock into my face.  I let my
hands run up his back, from the small muscles at the base of his spine to
his large, broad shoulders.  It seemed that Doug was enjoying my attention
to his body as much as to his cock.  I stroked the skin of his back, and
let my hands drop down to his legs.  His thighs were thick with muscle from
hours of jogging and basketball and his calves were each mounds of muscle
as well.  I even enjoyed feeling the soft hairs which grew on his lower
legs.

     "Come on, Doug!  Let me get some."  Mike said.  Doug ignored him for a
moment, slowly plugging my mouth, letting me savor every inch of his cock,
then he slowly pulled out.  Mike eagerly took his place, roughly shoving
his cock between my lips.  While larger than his older brother in the cock
department, Mike's body was not as well developed.  While my hands explored
his body, I made mental comparisons between the brothers.  Without a doubt,
I preferred Doug regardless of Mike's larger dick.  Mike was pummeling my
mouth, punishing it with the force of his fucking.  My eyes were watering
again before Doug pulled his brother away and plunged back into my mouth.
The two of them alternated, each spending about two minutes in my mouth
before switching, though I could tell it was Doug who was controlling the
timing.  As I alternated between the two, I gave an inward sigh each time
Doug pulled out and an audible moan of pleasure when Doug put his dick in
my mouth again.  Finally, Doug pushed his brother away and took over my
mouth completely.

     He began to pound my mouth furiously.  I simply opened my throat and
took his fucking as best I could.  I wanted this, I knew.  I wanted to feel
him cum, to hear him moan in pleasure as he shot his load into my mouth.  I
was surprised by my own thoughts.  I knew that I was liking this all-male
action more and more as the weeks progressed, but I was still surprised at
my own desire to taste Doug's cum again.  As I ran my hands up his back,
feeling his body moving under my touch, Doug began to shoot.  He let out a
moan that I thought could be heard across campus and blast after blast of
his hot cum shot into my mouth.  I savored the taste of this stud's cum.
It was better than Johnny's.  It seemed to me, in the heat of my sexual
high, that it was the best taste I had ever had in my mouth.  I used my
lips to milk his cock some more, getting every drop before Doug stopped me.
I knew what Doug liked so I looked up at him.  As I expected, his eyes were
waiting to meet mine.

     As our eyes locked together, I swallowed his load.  His green eyes
seemed to be the most awesome things I had ever seen as I did it.  I knew
that these guys not letting me cum was part of my psychological reaction to
everything that was going on, but I was too caught up in the moment to
care.  As Doug stepped back, Mike moved right in and took his place.
Apparently, Mike had been playing with his cock while I had sucked Doug
because I could tell he was ready to cum immediately.

     "Damn, I am just about there!" Mike announced.  Both Mike and I were
shocked when Doug stepped up behind me, grabbed a fistful of my hair and
pulled my mouth off of Mike's cock.  "What the hell..." Mike started to
say.

     "Shut up little bro.  Clay, get up on the bed, on your hands and
knees, like the doggie that you are."  I was quick to obey, climbing up
onto Doug's bed and assuming the position he had commanded.  Mike was quick
to climb on the bed in front of me and as his cock slid into my mouth
again, I could tell he was back from the edge of cumming.  The break had
cooled him off some.  As I felt him slide into my throat, I could feel Doug
climbing onto the bed behind me.  Doug used his knees to spread my legs a
bit.  I could feel his cock rubbing up and down the crack of my ass.

     Doug lowered his chest onto my back, putting his mouth next to my ear.
"Gonna put it in you, boy.  Gonna make you my faggot pussyboy again."  His
voice was not much above a whisper and was incredibly sexy.  "You want it,
boy?  You want me to put my big dick up inside you while you suck Mike's
cock?  Just moan twice if you do."  I moaned twice quickly around Mike's
cock and heard Doug's chuckle right against my ear.  "Yeah, pussyboy, I
knew you did.  It's what you live for, isn't it? You want to be
penetrated."  I moaned twice again.

     Without warning, Doug's cock stabbed into me almost completely
unlubed.  I let out a groan of pain, which was muffled by Mike's choking
cock.  I felt completely stuffed from both ends as the guys both pounded me
furiously.  Fortunately, Doug's cock was quickly lubed by the loads his
brother had filled me with just twenty minutes earlier.  As the friction
eased a bit and the pain subsided, the pleasure grew.  I realized that my
cock had gone half limp with the pain of Doug's penetration, but now was
growing again.  That word itself was part of it.  Hearing him whisper into
my ear "You want to be penetrated" had been a major turn on itself.

     "Yeah, take it, pussyboy.  Take my big dick up that tight little hole.
Fuck yeah!  That boypussy was made to be penetrated by real men like me."
There was the word again.  I didn't know why, but hearing Doug say
"penetrated" got my cock leaking.  "Fucking feel me!  Feel my cock in you,
boy.  Feel me way up deep inside you.  Ahh, yeah, you've got a tight hole,
boy, even after a good stretching by Mikey's big dick."  Doug moved his
hips in circles, probing inside me at all different angles.

     Mike, by now, was panting like he had run a marathon and I knew that
he was close to cumming again.  His long cock was sliding deep into my
throat, then pulling back until I held just the head between my lips.  Then
Mike would slide his entire length into me again.  I felt Doug's cock pull
out of me completely, then penetrate me once more.  I was lost in heaven
between these two studs.  I had not had such a hot experience since the
time Doug had set me up with Seth, my roomie.  Mike and Doug were double
teaming me just like Seth and Doug had done that other night.  Mike was
holding his cock deep inside my throat now, not moving.  I could tell he
was holding off his orgasm by sheer force of will.  Doug's cock continued
to pull out of me completely, then plunge back into me.

     "Fucking penetrating you, faggot.  Fucking pulling out and shoving
back in and you are loving it.  You are loving it and taking it like the
cockslut that you are.  You fucking faggot.  You were put on earth for
this, boy.  You realize that?  You were put on earth to take cock.  Ohh,
yeah.  That's it, boy.  Keep it tight for me.  Yeah, you know how to treat
a man's cock right!"  I was clamping down onto his cock, milking it as best
I could.  Mike was moving in my mouth again, and I was grateful because it
allowed me to breathe again.  But now he could no longer hold back.  With
Doug still long dicking me doggie style, Mike blew his load into my mouth.
He let out a series of yelps as he did it, each punctuating a blast of his
cum.  I swallowed it greedily as quickly as he could pump it into my mouth.

     Exhausted, Mike fell back against the pillows at the head of the bed.
I saw that his cock was finally softening.  Now that my mouth was
unoccupied, I let out a moan of pleasure at Doug's next penetration.

     "Oh god, Doug!  God, that feels so good!"  Doug's arms wrapped around
my chest and I supported both of us as his hips drove his cock into me with
small short rabbit-like strokes.  His cock was deep inside me, moving back
and forth by just inches.  I was moaning loudly and I arched my back into
Doug's thrusts.  I heard him laugh.

     "That's it boy.  Open up for me.  You fucking slut!  Doing everything
you can to get my dick deeper and harder.  You like what I'm doing to ya,
boy?  Tell me how much you like it."

     "I love your cock fucking me, Doug.  God it feels so good!  Please
don't stop fucking me."  I heard Mike laughing and looked at him.  He was
relaxed against the pillows watching his big brother fuck me into utter
submission.  "I want to feel you cum in me again, sir!"

     "Yeah, bitch.  You are gonna feel that real soon.  Keep that hole
tight on my cock, boy!  Keep it tight and you will get your reward.  Ahhh
fuck yeah!  That's the way, that's the way to treat my big dick.  You take
dick better than any faggot I've ever had, pussyboy.  You take it like you
were built for it.  Tell me why you are on this earth, faggot!"

     "I am here to take your cock, sir.  I was put on earth to have you
fill me with your cum.  Ohh, god, that is so good!"  Doug was back to long
dicking me again, pulling completely out and then penetrating me.  It felt
so good I would have told Doug anything to keep him going.  Then Doug did
something he rarely ever did.  His hands wrapped around my cock and
squeezed.  His chest was still on my back and I heard him whisper into my
ear.

     "I'm gonna cum, Clay.  Gonna cum up inside you.  I wanna feel you
shooting your load when I do, boy.  That's an order.  I'm almost there.
You ready to cum too, Clay?"  I nodded my head and told him that I was
ready.  Hearing him say my name, together with his hand on my cock was too
much for me to resist.  Doug yanked his cock out of me, then savagely
thrust as deeply into me as he could go.  I was clamping down hard on cock
as he did so and felt the start of his orgasm through his entire body,
which was draped on top of me.  "Take it, boy!  Take my cum in your hot
little pussy!"

     As Doug's cock expanded deep inside me and he pumped me full of his
cum, my own load exploded out of my cock.  I only had enough cum left for
three large spurts before I was drained, but Doug's load pumped into me for
a good fifteen or twenty seconds.  It seemed he must have shot a gallon of
cum into me.  I moaned as I came, enjoying the feeling of his cumming as
much, if not more than my own orgasm.  Then my own exhaustion overtook me
and I could no longer support both of us.  I collapsed onto the bed, Doug
staying on top of me.  I could feel his chest expanding against my back
with each gasping breath his took.  His heart was pounding in his chest and
I could feel that too.  Laying on the bed with Doug still inside me, my
face between Mike's outstretched legs, I decided that this must be heaven.
Doug's breath was hot against the back of my neck and my ear and his sweat
mingled with mine as we recovered.

     Mike climbed off the bed and headed for the shower, leaving Doug and
me laying on it.  Doug made no move to pull his cock out of me or to roll
off of me.  He seemed content to use me as his cushion.  I had no problem
with this stud using me in any way he wanted.  I loved the feel of his skin
against mine so I just laid under him, catching my breath and wondering
what Doug had in mind for me next.

*** Author's Note: As always, thanks to all of you who have sent me email
encouraging me to continue the story and offering suggestions.  I would not
have continued it this long without your encouragement.  As it is, I had
planned to end the story with this chapter, but am considering one more.
Please email me if you would like me to continue.

Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2000 21:00:49 EDT
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug - Chapter 11

                        Dominated by Doug

                            Chapter 11

                                By

                         percxyz@aol.com

     The rest of the weekend with Mike visiting passed quickly in a series
of blowjobs and quickie fucks.  Mike really got a kick out of watching me
take his cock.  I had blown all three studs right before Mike was to leave
and Mike had finished packing his bags as I took care of Johnny's hot latin
cock.  I looked over at him and could see he was getting a hard on just
standing there watching me on my knees.  Doug noticed as well.

     "No way, Mikey.  You've blown enough loads in Clay that he should be
leaking cum.  Time for you to go."  I could see the look of disappointment
on Mike's face, but he did what his brother told him, picked up his bag,
shook hands with Doug and Johnny and left the room, giving me one last
arrogant look.  After Mike had left, I got to my feet since Doug did not
protest.  Standing naked in the room, cock hard and dripping, I looked at
the two studs whose cum I had just swallowed.  They were both obviously
turned on again, their cocks rising as they looked at me.

     "You want mouth or ass, John?" Doug asked.  He turned to look at his
buddy.

     "Back door for me.  I haven't used that hole near enough and he seems
to like it up his ass."  I dropped my gaze to the floor not looking either
young man in the eye.  "Doggie style, I think." He continued.  "Your bed."

     Knowing what was expected, I climbed onto Doug's bed on my hands and
knees.  Johnny was quickly on the bed behind me and Doug was kneeling in
front of my face an instant later.  Johnny wasted no time and after just
spitting on his cock a few times, rammed it into me.  I gasped at the quick
penetration and Doug used that opportunity to slide his cock into my mouth.
While I should have been expecting it, he caught me by surprise and I
choked on his thick dick as it pushed into my throat.  I heard Doug and
Johnny laugh.

     "Damn, man.  Don't choke him to death with your cock, buddy.  I'm not
finished yet, and I don't do dead guys," he panted.  His hips were pounding
into me.  I was getting rocked back and forth between the studs as their
cocks slammed into me.  Doug was every bit as rough in my mouth as Johnny
was in my ass.  I adjusted my head some, even with Doug's hands clamped
down hard on it, and managed to open my throat.  His cock plunged deeper.
I had taken almost more cock than I could handle after the weekend I had
spent with all three guys, but I had no choice but to take more.  I felt
Johnny's thin moustache and goatee scrape along the back of my neck, then
he put his mouth close to my right ear.

     "Damn, Doug, look at his lips stretch around your meat!" he said to
Doug.  Then he spoke to me.  "You like it boy?  You like my big cock up
your pussy and Doug's down your throat?"  He smirked.  "I can tell you do,
faggot." He emphasized this by pulling his cock completely out of me, then
ramming it home again.  I moaned around Doug's cock, still soaking deep in
my throat.  Finally he pulled it back, allowing me to breathe.  I sucked in
a breath, licking at the bottom of his shaft with long swipes of my tongue.
I heard him moan in appreciation and smiled to myself.

     "Yeah, cocksucker, you sure have learned your job in life."  Doug held
my head tightly and slid back in until my nose was in his pubes.  Johnny
kept up his quick jabs into me, shaking my body, but Doug held my head
tightly in place.  Slowly, he pulled the length of himself out of my mouth.
"Lick the slit, boy.  Lick the slit and taste my juices, cocksucker.  Taste
me!"  I obeyed, still happy to be sucking off this teen college jock.  "Oh,
fuck yeah, that feels good, dicklicker."  He sank in deep again.

     I realized that Johnny was now getting close.  His hips were pounding
into me like a jackrabbit.  His hands were under me, wrapped around my
chest now.  His chest was against my back and I could feel his nipples
hardening and sweat making his chest slide over my back.  His breath was
hot against my ear as he panted with his thrusting.  "Take my dick,
pussyboy.  Take it fucking hard and deep.  Yeah, boy, I'm gonna fucking
fill you with my hot cum, faggot.  How do you like that?"  His hand
suddenly wrapped around my cock.  I moaned again, deeply in my chest, and
all three of us responded.  Johnny suddenly rammed his cock in completely
and held it there.  I could feel his body tense on top of mine and his
teeth stabbed at the back of my neck.

     "Oh fuck yeah!  Take it, pussy!"  His cock began to pulse deep inside
me and his fist clamped down harder around my cock.  "Take my fucking
juice, you dumb faggot!" he yelled.

     With a whoop of pleasure, Doug pulled his cock back some and shot his
wad all over my tongue, the spurts hitting the roof of my mouth, filling my
cheeks and sliding into my throat.  I started to swallow, knowing I needed
to keep up with Doug or his cum would be running down my chin.  His whoop
trailed off into a moan that matched Johnny's as he milked the last of his
load into my mouth.  Satisfied, at least for a moment, he sat back against
the pillows, and watched as Johnny finished in me.  My own cock, still in
the tight grasp of Johnny's hand unloaded onto the sheets of Doug's bed.
Johnny raised himself off my back and I felt him pull his cock out of me.

     "Get your mouth on my dick right now, boy," he ordered.  I turned on
the bed, taking his cock deeply.  As soon as he was clean, he yanked his
dick from my mouth and climbed off the bed.  Doug rose to stand next to
him, both of them looking at me and leaving me there on the bed, on my
hands and knees, mouth open and ass stretched, full of their cum.  Johnny
grabbed his towel and Doug's from their hooks on the closet doors.  Handing
Doug's to him, he turned for the shower.  "Strip the bed and wash the
sheets, Clay.  Then make it up for Doug."  They both left the room and I
heard the water start.  I got off the bed and pulled at the sheets.

                         ***************

     It was more than a week before Doug knocked on my door for anything
more than my notes from a class.  Even Seth had found a new chick and was
skipping the morning blowjobs he normally demanded.  Johnny had walked into
my room and pushed me to my knees once for a slow blow job on Wednesday
evening, but other than that, there was no sex going on, at least for me
with them.  Doug and Johnny still walked around with no shirts, and
sometimes in just their boxers or briefs, knowing they were driving me
crazy, and Doug would give me a wink now and then when we were all out
drinking, but nothing else would come from it.

     By Sunday, I was starting to think I had imagined everything, or that
they had tired of me, but I now craved more dick.  I called up Lyle, but he
said he was busy and to leave him alone.

     "I'll call you when I need my dick sucked," he said simply, and hung
up the phone.  I didn't know what to do.  I called up my last girlfriend,
who was happy to hear from me, but when we met for dinner, it just didn't
seem the same.  I kissed her goodnight outside her apartment and started to
walk home.

     I had too much pent up energy and since it was still early, I hit the
dorm room for some shorts, a t-shirt and my gym shoes, another set of
clothes to change into and went to find a pick up basketball game.  The
main gym for the downtown campus was open until 11 PM.  It was only 9 when
I got there.  As usual, there were several games going on and I saw a guy
standing against the far wall.  He was obviously waiting for some guy to
get tired and take his place, but since I was there, the two of us could
join any game that was shorthanded.  Fortunately, there was a 4 on 4 game
going and we joined it.  He stripped off his shirt to join the skins team.
I left mine on, but got plenty of chances to innocently feel guys' chests
and backs during the course of play.  None of the guys seemed to notice as
it was a pretty physical game, with plenty of fouls.  Two guys dropped out
and we went on with just eight until we noticed we were the last group
still playing.

     As we called it quits, I looked at my watch and saw it was now 10:30.
Half the guys just grabbed their stuff and headed out the main door, but
Mike's words came back to me.  "Locker room slut," was what he had said.  I
wasn't sure if he had just been kidding me or if he had been serious, but I
watched as three guys made their way into the locker room and the showers.
I took my time, unsure of what to do.  My cock was telling me to get in the
locker room with them, but my brain was asking if that was a good idea.
This was a public building.  By the time my cock won the argument and I
walked into the locker, one of the guys, a goodlooking blond, was walking
out of the shower with a towel around his waist.  He nodded to me as I
began to strip.  I tried to catch a glimpse of more of him, but he made his
way to the next aisle and out of my view.  I grabbed a towel and walked
into the showers.

     There were ten shower heads along each of the walls.  On my left, two
of them were occupied.  At the first shower head, a muscular white guy
stood, soaping his chest.  Three down from him was a tall black guy,
washing his hair.  I took the second shower head on my right and hung my
towel on a hook out of the way.  By force of sheer will, I managed not to
get hard immediately.  I adjusted the water to a bit colder to help.  As I
started to soap up, I would turn a bit, discreetly checking out both of the
guys.  The white guy was one against whom I had just played and I had
gotten several good feels of his body.  As I watched him run the soap over
his muscles, I knew how hard they were beneath the skin.

     The black dude had been on my team and I checked him out as well.  As
I was doing so, he turned towards me and I saw a pretty good sized cock
hanging between his legs.  I turned my back to the wall to rinse my back,
which also gave me a good view of the white guy across from me.  As I was
looking him over, he suddenly turned around and caught me staring at him.
As naturally as I could, I turned back to the wall and grabbed the soap
from the holder on the wall.  I heard the shower head down the room turn
off and glanced to see the black guy grab a towel and wipe himself down.
Then he made his way up the center of the room.  I looked back to the wall
as he stopped to talk to the white stud for a second or two, but I couldn't
hear what they said.  Then he was out the door.  The thoughts of these guys
and their hard bodies was making it nearly impossible for me to keep from
getting hard.

     Suddenly the other shower shut off and I waited to hear the footsteps
of the guy leaving.  I figured I had missed my chance, unless I could catch
one in the locker.  But then what to do?  I was debating this when I
realized that the guy hadn't left the room.  When I turned my head to look,
he was standing just a few feet away, staring at me.  I still didn't know
what to do and just looked at him dumbly.

     "So, dude.  What's up with all the hands during the game?  You trying
to cop a feel of me for free?"  I tried to form an answer to that, but he
interrupted me. "Don't try to deny it, dude.  The answer is all over your
face, and elsewhere.  Nobody gets a free feel, dude, so what are you gonna
do to pay me for it?"

     "I..I...what do you mean?" I managed to say.

     "Come on dude.  I'm not stupid and even if I was, watching you check
me out, not to mention the black guy," he nodded towards the locker room,
"here in the showers would have painted a picture for anyone.  Plus, your
hard dick is a dead giveaway."  I looked down and saw that he was right.
My cock had risen to full length and was pointing at him.  "I think you'd
look better on your knees with that thing, dude.  Then we can work on that
repayment."  He stepped forward and reached out with his right hand,
clamping it onto my shoulder.  I watched, fascinated, as the muscles in his
arms flexed as he began to push me to the floor.  I submitted and sank to
my knees.

     "Now, you look much better in that position."  He grinned down at me
and his handsome features had me almost drooling.  His hair was a dark
brown, was pushed back from his forehead and held in place that way since
it was wet.  His brown eyes twinkled with amusement at watching me kneel at
his feet.  I watched as he widened his stance and his left hand went to the
base of his cock.  His muscular chest and abs were almost free of hair, but
what was there seemed dark because it was wet.  Holding his soft cock, he
stepped forward, aiming it at my mouth.  "Open up cocksucker."

     I let my mouth drop open and saw his grin widen.  He slid his cock
between my lips and I immediately attacked it with my tongue.  He let out
an appreciative moan and his cock quickly began to harden.  In seconds flat
I had a nice mouthful of about six to seven inches of uncut cock.  I felt
his hands grab the sides of my head and knelt there, letting him fuck my
mouth any way he wanted.  Then he pulled back until just the head was in my
mouth.

     "Use your tongue on the head, faggot," he said quietly.  "Get it up
under the skin."

     I did as he asked and tasted the juices his cock was already leaking.
I tilted my head back, to look at his body and his face.  His skin
glistened with drops of water.  The spray from my shower was hitting me on
my upper back and splattering onto his chest and tight belly.  My eyes
continued up his body, taking in the curves of his muscles and the power in
them until I reached his face.  His head was tossed back a little and I
could see his eyes were mostly closed.  I guess he had enough of the
attention to his head because he thrust back in deeply and began to fuck my
face again.  After about ten jabs, he looked down at me.

     "Yeah, I knew you'd be a good cocksucker, faggot.  You've obviously
done this before.  Fuck yeah, take my meat.  Just think what a show anyone
would get if they walked in right now.  Big jock on his knees getting his
throat reamed out.  Fuck yeah, you are a helluva sight, faggot, with your
hard dick showing how much you are liking it."

     He didn't give me time to really let his words sink into my brain as
he started to fuck my mouth harder.  He kept this up for a few minutes,
then his grip on my head changed.  His hands grabbed my hair and he pulled
upwards.  His cock popped free and bobbed in front of my face.  I took
several deep breaths as the jock pulled me to my feet.  I only got to see
him for a second, but I recognized the look on his face.  This man wanted
to fuck me.  He spun me around facing the wall and pushed me up against it,
trapping my own cock between my abs and the tile of the wall.  I felt the
heat of his body as he moved in close behind me.

     "Spread `em some, faggot."  He kicked at the insides of my ankles
until I spread my legs, giving him better access.  "Now you're mine, fag
boy.  Hope you've taken it up the ass before, or this is really gonna hurt.
But I wouldn't mind taking your cherry if you haven't."

     I felt his cock rub along my ass.  He used one hand on the back of my
neck to hold me pinned against the wall, at his mercy.  I felt his chest
pull away from my back as he leaned backwards to aim his cock, then his
cock head found my hole.  Without any preparation, he moved inside me in
one smooth movement.  I let out a moan of pain and pleasure.  His body was
tight against mine again and I could feel his breath on my right cheek and
the cold tile against my left.  My hands were on the wall on either side of
my head.

     "Oh fuck yeah.  You've been fucked before, boy.  You took that way too
easily for this to be your first time.  Too bad.  I would have liked to see
if your scream would have brought anyone to investigate.  You made a sight
on your knees with my dick in your mouth, but this is even better.  Now
whoever walks in will see that you are a pussy to be fucked.  How do you
like that, faggot?  You like being my pussyboy?"

     "Oh, fuck yeah," I admitted.  "Your cock feels great."

     "I know it does, shithead.  I've fucked dumb jock fags like you before
and they all love my cock up their pussies.  Now, keep it tight!" he
demanded.  I clamped down more tightly on his cock, using my ass muscles to
milk him.  "That's right faggot.  Keep it tight for me and you'll be full
of my load in no time."  He started to pound into me faster and moved his
hands to mine, pinning them against the wall above my head.  "Uhn! Uhn!
Uhn! Uhn!  Take it boy!  Take this man's cock, you fag!  Oh fuck yeah!
Keep it tight for me, bitch.  Show me how good a pussy you are.  That's
right.  Milk my dick with your tight boy pussy.  Ahhh yeah.  That's it you
dumb faggot.  Treat my cock right.  Alright.  Gonna fill you with my cum,
dude.  Gonna shoot my wad in your tight pussy!  Ahhh fuck!  Here it comes!"
He let out a loud moan, then yelled "Take it, take it take it!"

     I was worried his shouts would bring somebody, but was too far gone in
his fuck to care too much.  I could feel his cock swelling and knew he was
pumping me full of his load.  He kept saying "take it" with each spurt from
his cock, his body pressing me tightly into the wall.  I was straining,
trying to use the force of his thrusts which were moving my body up and
down the wall to get my own cock to spurt, but then he rammed in deeply and
held there.  I felt the last few shudders run through his body as he
finished cumming.  Still he didn't pull out of me.

     "How'd you like that, fag?"  I felt him twitch his cock inside me.

     "That was great, man.  You fuck like a champ."  I was being truthful.
Also, the danger of possibly being caught by some other guy had me almost
out of my mind with lust.

     "Yeah, I know I do, boy."  His cock still up inside me and only
slightly softening, he asked me what my name was.

     "Clay," I told him.  When he asked, I told him my dorm room number and
the name of the hall where I lived.  Slowly, he let his cock slide out of
me, but still held my hands pinned to the wall.  He put his mouth mext to
my ear again.

     "I'm gonna do that to you again, faggot.  In your own pussyboy bed.
You got that?"  I nodded.  "You want me to do it to you again?" he
demanded.

     "Yes," I admitted.  He laughed quietly in my ear.

     "I know you do."  Releasing my hands, he stepped over and into my
shower spray.  I turned and leaned against the wall, watching him soap his
crotch and body quickly, then rinse himself clean.  He looked at me as he
stepped over to get his towel.  "Rinse off and follow me, cocksucker."

     I quickly rinsed our sweat from my skin and grabbed my own towel.  I
wrapped it around my waist to hide my still hard cock somewhat and followed
him into the locker.  He led me past my aisle and into the next one,
letting out a quick sharp whistle as he did so.  Within seconds, the black
boy who had been in the shower with us came around the end of the row of
lockers.

     "Judging by how much time you spent in there, you got him."  The black
guy said to the man who had just fucked me.

     "Did you have any doubt?"

     "Not really, I saw him checking us out too," the black stud laughed
and let his towel drop to the floor.  I could see his hard cock now, thick
and purply black, fully erect.  "Mouth and ass?"

     "Of course.  Now I'll keep watch.  You have about ten minutes before
the janitors show up."

     "I know," he said and walked towards me.  "Straddle the bench and sit,
whiteboy," he ordered.  I obeyed and sat, putting my head at the level of
his crotch.  He wasted no time stepping up with one leg on each side of the
bench, and lining his cock up with my lips.  As I opened for him, I saw the
white guy disappear around the lockers, apparently to watch the door to the
locker room.  I refocused my attention on the job in front of me as the
thick head slapped my face.  Mouth open, I let the black guy slap my cheeks
with his dick.  He seemed to enjoy this the way Doug did.

     "Fuck yeah, I love to see those white cheeks get all nice and red."
Finally, he slid his dick in my mouth and I clamped down on it, wanting to
give this guy a good time.  His cock was about the same length as his
buddy's but a lot thicker.  Still, after taking Mike's monster cock, this
was easy.  "Shit, you suck like a Hoover, whiteboy.  If I had known that,
Troy wouldn't have gotten first go."

     I redoubled my effort, using my tongue on the length of his shaft,
feeling the thick veins in his cock as I did so.  He rested his hands
lightly on my head, not holding it and I took the initiative, bobbing my
head up and down the length of his cock.  He moaned in appreciation.  I
bobbed up and down for a few minutes more when he pulled me off his dick.
I expected he wanted to fuck now, as Troy had wanted.

     "My balls, faggot.  Suck my balls."  I moved my mouth a bit lower and
lapped at his hairy ball sack.  He had large balls and one at a time, I
sucked them into my mouth, using all of the tricks that Doug, Johnny, Seth
and the others had taught me.  The black stud obviously appreciated it.  I
felt his nuts starting to draw up and knew I was close to bringing him off.
He pulled my face from his crotch and looked down at me.

     "Where do you want it, whiteboy?  Where do you want me to cum?"
Without even thinking, I replied, "My ass."

     "Ass, boy?"

     Feeling my face turn red, I responded the way he wanted, "My pussy."

     "That's better, faggot."  He put his hand in the center of my chest
and roughly pushed me onto my back, then reached down and grabbed my legs
behind my knees.  He rolled me onto my shoulders.  I looked up at the black
stud towering over me as he prepared to fuck me.  He looked down and our
eyes met.  "You had black cock before, whiteboy?"

     "Just in my mouth," I told him.  He grinned.

     "Good.  Then I am the first black man to get to do THIS!" As he said
it he rammed into me.
     "Oh God," I moaned loudly as his thick cock stretched me open wider
than Troy's had done and I let out a loud gasp of pain.  I heard Troy
chuckling from not far away.

     "Fuck him til he can't walk right, Marshall," Troy said loudly.

     Marshall ignored him and concentrated on his fucking.  We both knew he
was close to cumming from the blow job.  His entrance had been painful, but
Troy's cum lubed his cock quickly and we both settled into the rough
fucking.  He lowered himself more and more as he fucked, until his face was
just an inch over mine.  Then his lips were on mine and I felt his tongue
probing.  I opened to this penetration and Marshall moaned loudly in my
mouth.  I felt his body tense for a second, then spasms ran through every
muscle, shaking us both.  Tongue down my throat, Marshall shot his load
deep inside me, mixing his sperm with Troy's.  After about thirty seconds,
he had shot all his cum and he collapsed onto me, chest to chest.  His
tongue still roamed around in my mouth.  Finally, he raised himself off me
and sat back, pulling his cock out of me.

     My hard cock was almost painful, straining against my tight belly.
Marshall looked at it, then looked me in the face.  "Jack it off whiteboy.
I wanna see you cum after I just finished drilling your pussy."  Needing no
other permission, I grabbed my cock and with just two strokes, brought
myself to orgasm.  I moaned loudly as I shot my load all over my chest and
abs.  As I finished cumming, I opened my eyes to see both Troy and Marshall
watching me.  I suddenly felt acutely embarrassed, the words "locker room
slut" suddenly coming back to me.  Troy had a wide grin on his handsome
face as he looked at me, spread on the bench and covered in cum.

     "You two better rinse off quick.  You got about two minutes."  I
followed Marshall into the shower, noticing now how much taller than me he
was.  He was easily six foot four.  His ass muscles were incredible and I
wondered what it would be like to fuck him.  He turned on a shower and
pushed me under it, then joined me.  Soon we were clean and back in the
locker room.  We had almost finished dressing when we heard voices.

     As I finished tying my shoe, I heard Troy say, "Clay, we're outta
here."  I looked up at them, sheepishly.  I knew I was blushing again.

     "Damn, he's a cute one," Marshall whispered.  "I want more."

     "I've got the info, bro.  Let's get outta here."  He winked at me and
they both turned and walked away.

     Trying to calm down, I finished tying my shoe and started to pack my
things in my gym bag.  Suddenly a young man, not more than 21 or 22 came
past the aisle where I was sitting.  He saw me and stopped, looking at me.
I took him in quickly.  Hot lanky body, stubble on chin and cheeks, sandy
blond hair down to his shoulders, jeans that were full of holes and a tight
shirt.  He was hot for a janitor.  I tried not to think of that or I would
be hard again.

     "You're still pretty red in the face, buddy.  Shoulda cooled off more
in the shower."  Then his eyes narrowed.  "Unless you're worked up over
something else."

     "Just hot from playing," I managed to say and got up and walked past
him.  As I got to the door, I glanced back and saw him still looking at me.
I couldn't be sure, but it looked like there was a bulge now in his jeans.
Then I saw the other janitor down the first aisle and pushed out of the
locker room door.

                         ***************

     I got back to my dorm room and thankfully, Seth was out with his
girlfriend.  I didn't think I could take any more action that night.  I
quickly stripped down and put on some boxers, then slid between the sheets.
As I drifted towards sleep, images of the scruffy, sexy face of the janitor
right over mine, ready to cum, filled my mind.  Finally, I fell asleep.

     The next morning, Seth still wasn't back, which wasn't unusual.  I got
up and hit the bathroom, wondering if Doug was behind the door to his room,
or if Johnny was in there.  My cock hardened at the thought and I slipped
back into my dorm room.  I didn't have class that day until late, my early
class having been canceled.  I lay on my bed on my back, reliving what had
happened the night before with Tory and Marshall and the look the sexy
janitor had given me.  I wondered if he knew what had happened.  He had to
have passed the two studs as they left.  My cock stiffened and I let my
hand move to it.  I had just started to stroke it lightly when there was a
knock on the bathroom door.  Stuffing my cock into the boxers, which did
nothing to hide it, I opened the door a bit.  It was Doug.  I opened the
door to let him in the room.

     He walked in and sat on my bed, then looked at me.  He let out a smirk
to see my hard cock, which, if anything, was even harder at seeing him in
just a pair of white jockeys.  I shut and locked the door to the bathroom
and looked at Doug.  His eyes ran up and down my body, inspecting me.  I
just stood there, nervously shifting from foot to foot, waiting for him to
speak.

     "Unlock the door, boy.  Johnny may want some service and I don't want
to be interrupted by having to let you go let him in the room.  Silently, I
complied, then turned to look at him again.

     "So, you had a date last night," Doug said.  "But then you came home
carrying a gym bag.  So I guess she didn't put out for ya.  Or did you
figure out that she wasn't what you wanted, cocksucker?"  I felt myself
blush furiously.

     "I decided that she wasn't what I wanted," I managed to say and
watched a satisfied smile spread across Doug's incredible face.  Just
seeing it, I wanted to kiss him, lick him, do anything he wanted me to do.
My cock grew even stiffer, if that was possible.

     "So, what is it you decided you want?" he asked casually, pulling up
his feet up onto my bed and resting his forearms on his bent knees.  This
made his pecs bulge out even more and I could barely tear my eyes away from
his crotch.

     "I want you," I managed to whisper.

     "What was that, faggot?" He demanded.

     "I want you," I said more clearly.

     He was obviously pleased and gave me a grin.  "So what did you end up
doing about it?"

     "I went to the gym to work it off playing basketball," I told him.
Suddenly, I knew what he was going to ask.

     "So, you just played some ball, boy?  Or did you do more?"

     I dropped my eyes from his staring at his muscled legs. Hell, even his
feet were sexy!  "No, sir, I did more."

     "Yeah, I kinda figured that much.  I wondered how long you could hold
out without any cock.  The fix that Johnny gave ya on Wednesday carried you
a bit longer than I thought you would go, but he was horny that evening, so
we agreed you could blow him."

     I listened to this, not understanding at first.  "What do you mean,
sir."  I had automatically reverted to addressing him as "sir" as he
expected when we were in sexual situations.

     "I mean, you dumb faggot, that Johnny and I decided to see how long
you could go without our cocks before you went in search of more dick.  You
made it almost a week, but you had a fix of John's cum.  We were both
impressed, but we knew you would cave in.  Johnny saw you come back last
night early and followed you down to the gym.  He said you played ball
awhile, then disappeared in the showers with two guys and it was a good
half hour before you left.  He also said they left together about a minute
before you.  So, I know you got some cock last night."  I stared at him,
not knowing what to say.

     "You even won me a bet, faggot.  Johnny paid me a buck last night.  He
thought you'd go back to the bookstore for more dick or maybe to that bar
for fags next door to it, but I told him that Mike had planted the seed and
you'd be in the locker room.  Besides, the quality of meat is best there,
isn't it?  You like jocks, as we all know."  He chuckled.  "So you made me
a buck by doing the locker slut thing.  Both guys get both holes?" he
asked.

     I could only nod.  Doug laughed again.  "That's what we both figured.
How do you like black dick, cocksucker?  Better than white, better than
Latino?"

     "No, sir!  I like yours best!"

     "I know you like mine best, faggot.  You always will. This cock," he
slid one hand into his briefs and grabbed the growing log I could see under
the white material, "made you into the cock crazy faggot that you are
today.  It will always be your favorite piece of meat.  I just meant in
general."

     I thought for a second.  "Well it was different, but not that much.
The guy was hot and liked to fuck, but so did the white guy."

     "So when are you seeing them again?"

     "I don't know."

     "You don't?" Doug raised his eyebrows.  "How's that?"

     "I only got their first names.  But they know I live in this room.
Troy, the white guy, told me they would stop by for more when they wanted
it."  Doug laughed at me again, then turned serious.  "And what if I tell
you that you aren't to let them touch you again?"

     I didn't even have to think about it.  "Then I will turn them away at
the door," I told him.  I was rewarded with a smile.

     "Good little fag.  But, I want you to see them when they want.  I have
some plans, especially for the black dude.  Never fucked a black guy
before.  He may be my first.  He look like he's got a tight hole?"  I
thought again of the tight ass I had watched as I followed Marshall into
the shower and knew that Doug would like it.  I told him so.

     "Good.  Well then, fag.  What do you want to do?  You said you want
me.  How do you want me?"

     "Any way you want, sir."

     "Good answer.  You can start by stripping off those boxers and getting
that mouth over here on my chest.  He laid on his back on my bed, his hands
under his head.  The sight was just too much for me and with a moan, I
stripped off my boxers and dropped to my knees beside the bed.  My mouth
went straight for his nipple and I began to lick and suck it.

     "That's right, boy, get me all hot and bothered and then I'll put it
to ya, nice and hard.  Suck my nip, faggot."  I didn't need any
encouragement.  I worked my tongue across his chest, down through the
valley between his pecs and to the other nipple.  I teased it with my
tongue, then started working my way down his body.  But Doug had other
plans.  He used his right hand to push my face into his armpit.  I didn't
even hesitate, using my tongue to lick him clean there too.  I had tasted
plenty of his salty sweat and by now it turned me on as much as his cum
did.  I cleaned both pits before he allowed me to go back to his chest and
start working my way towards his crotch.  I licked across the tight
abdominal muscles and into his navel, then followed the thin line of hair
to the top of his white briefs.

     "Use your teeth, cocksucker," he growled.

     I grabbed at the waistband with my teeth, losing my grip three times
before I was able to pull it down.  I used my whole head to move the
material, exposing first his dark pubes, then his rod, which sprung up and
slapped me in the face.  I felt him raise his hips a bit and used that to
pull the briefs down to his thighs, then I went back for his cock.  My
mouth was just about to engulf the head when his palm against my forehead
stopped me.  I let out a whimper of frustration, which made him laugh.

     "You really want that cock, dontcha, fag?"  I turned my head to look
at him, pleading with my eyes for him to let me have his cock.  "Well?"

     "Yes, sir, I want your cock. Please sir."  I knew I was whining, but I
couldn't help it.  I was so damn horny I would have done anything, and the
blond teen knew it.  He grinned again at my response.  I was saying what he
wanted to hear, but I wanted to say it.  I actually did want his cock.  I
wanted to feel its heat when it slid into my mouth and taste the precum
that I could see leaking from the head.  Instead, Doug continued to hold my
head just out of reach of his cock.  I ran my eyes from his face down along
his tight body to his cock.  I tried to push my mouth down but his hand was
firm.  I wasn't getting his dick until he was ready for me to have it.

     "You've turned into a eager beaver there, Clay.  You must really want
my dick badly."  I didn't know what to say to that. We both knew I wanted
his dick.  I looked him in the eyes again.

     "Please sir, please let me suck your cock," it was pure begging and it
did the trick.  Doug pulled his hand away and my mouth dove for his dick.
I lapped at the head with my tongue, tasting the familiar salty taste of
his precum and then got my lips around the head.  Using my mouth, I pulled
his cock upwards and sank down on it.  My tongue wrapped around it, getting
it wet for my lips and I took him more deeply.  I heard a low moan come
from him and my cock throbbed in response.  I was totally in tune with
Doug's body now.  My mouth reached his pubes and his hand dropped onto the
back of my head, holding me down.  I was ready for this though and had
taken a deep breath.  I used my tongue on the side of his cock since I was
bent over the bed at his side, but he seemed pleased by that.

     I felt a small spurt of juice onto my tongue when he let my head up
again.  Also, I noticed that his breathing was getting deeper and faster.
He was really getting into this blow job.  I dropped my nose into his pubes
again, then pulled back up.  I could feel his cock throbbing with his
heartbeat.  I wanted to feel his body and moved my hands upward slowly.  He
didn't stop me, so I rubbed one hand across his chest, feeling the hard
nipples.  The other I let slide to his thighs and then to his balls.  He
let out a gasp when my hand slid against his sack.  The hand on my head
grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled my mouth upwards.  I felt the ridge
of his cockhead slide out of my grasping lips then his cock, shiny with my
spit, slapped down against his taut belly.  Doug pushed my face to his
balls.

     I sucked them just as eagerly, enjoying each time he moaned his
pleasure at my efforts.  Soon I had them both in my mouth, big as they
were.  I sucked at them together trying not to use too much suction and
hurt him.  Doug suddenly spread his legs, the left hanging off the bed.

     "Get on the bed, cocksucker."  His voice was a hoarse whisper.  I
climbed onto the bed, moving around so that I was between his legs, on my
knees.  I kept his balls in my mouth as I moved.  When I was in place,
Doug's left hand grabbed his shaft and he put the heel of his right hand
against my forehead and pushed, forcing me to release his balls.  I looked
up at him along the muscled curves of his chest.  His eyes met mine.
"Lower."

     I let my tongue slide down to the skin between his balls and his hole,
lapping at it.  His body twitched a bit as I did so.  Doug raised his legs
and I suddenly had access to his hole.  I knew what he wanted and let my
tongue slide lower.  He let out a long shuddering sigh as my tongue stabbed
at his hole trying to work inside.  I lapped at it, making him moan some
more.  He let me continue.

     "Slide that tongue inside, asslicker.  I wanna feel that!"  I did as
he commanded, giving him the best tongue fucking that I could.  He writhed
on the bed with my tongue doing its work for about five minutes.  Then he
pulled me by the hair back up to his cock.  It slid in smoothly and I could
tell from its heat that he was ready to cum.  I slid down it, sucking hard
and with my lips like a vise around it.  I heard Doug groan and his cock
twitched in my mouth as he lowered his legs.

     "Oh fuck yeah, cocksucker.  Drink my jizz!"  His cock let loose and
the first spurt shot straight down my throat almost choking me.  The next
three came quickly, splattering against the roof of my mouth before his
musky taste coated my tongue.  "Ahh yeah!" he yelled.  Two more smaller
shots followed and I looked up at his face again.  He was watching me and
our eyes met.  I knew what he wanted and obeyed the order he sent from his
eyes.  As he watched I swallowed, letting the salty taste slide down my
throat.  Doug's grin returned and I felt glad to have made him feel so
good.

     Knowing how sensitive his cockhead sometimes got, I carefully pulled
up the shaft.  Then I grabbed the base with my right hand and let it slide
free.  It was coated with my spit and I milked it gently with my hand until
a pearly drop appeared.  I looked again at Doug.  He gave me a nod, so I
lapped it up.  His body twitched but he seemed to enjoy it.  I wanted
nothing more than to grab my cock and shoot my cum with the blond god in
front of me, but I knew better.  Slowly releasing his cock, I leaned back.
I could still taste him.  I looked at Doug's face again.  He was still
grinning at me.

     "Good job, cocksucker," he said matter of factly.  "Well, I gotta get
a shower."  He pulled his legs up and sat up on the bed in front of me.


     "What about me, sir?"  Doug looked at my cock.

     "You were gonna jack off.  Go ahead.  Now you got some more memories
to use."  He stood up, grabbed his shorts and walked into the bathroom.
Not able to stop myself, I grabbed my dick and was blowing my load almost
immediately.  I drenched my sheets in seconds.  Suddenly completely
exhausted, I collapsed face first onto the bed.

     "Yeah, go for it man.  He just blew his load after blowing me.  You
can probably do anything to him that you want."  I froze on the bed, then
slowly turned my head.  Johnny and David, Doug's pledge brother, stood in
the doorway.  Both were naked, and hard.

Author's note: Well, the email convinced me to continue with another
chapter.  That is, if the story meets with your approval and you want me to
go on with it.  Let me know if you do and I will try to get chapter 12 to
you a bit more quickly if the consensus is in favor.  Thanks to all who
have written before and I hope to hear from you about this and the next
chapter.

Date: Sun, 29 Oct 2000 21:00:53 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug Chapter 12

			     Dominated By Doug

				Chapter 12

				    by

			      Percxyz@aol.com

     The morning with Johnny and David after the fun with Doug, was quick.
Both guys wanted quick blow jobs because they had class.  I had expected
and hoped for more, seeing them walk into my dorm room, completely
stripped.  But I found out later that Doug had told them they could have
only seconds when he had finished and he had taken his time, enjoying my
tongue up his tight little hole and my mouth on his cock.  They left me all
too soon.  I was hard as a rock again, but without enough time to even jack
off again, if I was to make it to my class.  I would have gladly blown off
my physics lecture if one (or both) of them would have stayed, but ended up
taking a quick shower, turning the water colder and colder to try and
reduce my hard cock.

     I struggled into a pair of jeans and lightweight shirt with long
sleeves.  It had started to get colder now.  Halloween was only a few weeks
away and the leaves had started changing colors.  It was a time of year I
found I had been dreading without even knowing it as I walked across
campus.  Suddenly all those hot male bodies which had been so visible with
nothing on but shorts and tight t-shirts were covered with more clothes,
not giving me the feast my eyes had gotten used to seeing.  As I rounded a
corner, I saw Seth coming up the street.  He flashed me a grin as I waved
to him.  He stopped just in front of me.

     "So, Clay, I guess things are gonna be back to normal now?"  At first
I wasn't sure what he meant, but he continued, seeing my blank look.  "You
know, you taking care of me in the mornings again?"  Suddenly it fell into
place.  I glanced down at his crotch and when I raised my eyes back up to
his, I saw he had watched me check out his crotch.  "I guess that answers
my question," he laughed.  "I will see you in the room, right after my six
o'clock class.  Got it?"

     I mumbled my agreement as he pushed passed me.  He was heading to his
next class, I figured.  I made my way on to my lecture and sat through it,
bored.  As I have said, I was good in math and science and had already read
ahead in the book beyond what the professor was covering today.  Finally,
the time was up and I made my way out of the large lecture hall.  I was
surprised to see Johnny in the hallway outside.  He walked up to me, threw
an arm across my shoulders, just like a buddy greeting a friend and steered
me toward the exit.

     "Let's get some lunch, Clay."  I nodded my agreement and he released
me, much to my disappointment.  I had liked the feel of his muscular arm
across my shoulders and the way he determined where we were going.  We
walked together a few blocks to a small restaurant not far from the dorms.
It was packed with college students, mainly guys, being as close as it was
to our dorm, which was all male.  The chicks who were in the place checked
out both Johnny and me as we entered.  I knew that we made a pretty good
looking pair, me being the all-American looking white boy jock and Johnny
being the more exotic Latino jock stud.  We made a nice contrast, I
thought, seeing our reflections in the mirror behind the bar.  Johnny had
apparently noticed the looks we were getting too.  We sat at a small table
toward the back.

     "Getting a lot of looks from the chicks, Clay, and even from some of
the guys."  He grinned.

     "Really? Which ones?"  I hadn't noticed any of the guys checking us
out.  Johnny chuckled again.  I was just kidding, boy.  Damn you got it
bad, don't ya?  I felt myself blush and looked around to see if anyone
overheard.  He noticed and continued.  "Seriously, Clay, some of them were
checking you out too.  You've got a good body that you have obviously spent
plenty of time keeping in shape.  You are bound to get some stares from
both chicks and dudes.  You got a cute face," he lowered his voice even
more, leaning toward me, "though it really looks best with your lips
stretched around my cock."  He sat back upright "You and I know what you
want from the dudes, don't we?"  I just nodded my agreement, not trusting
my voice.

     We placed our orders and within a half hour had finished our lunches.
When the waitress dropped of the tab, Johnny just stared at me, a look of
superiority on his face.  I sighed inwardly and paid the check.  Johnny
gave me a wide grin that more than repaid me for the money I had just spent
on his lunch.  As we got up to leave, Johnny said, "I fed you this morning,
boy.  It is only fair that you feed me now."  I knew they guys at the next
table overheard, but they had to be thinking I must have paid for breakfast
or something.  Surely.

     We left the restaurant, me trailing behind him and my eyes drinking in
the beautiful lean body as he moved in front of me.  "God," I thought, "I
am totally infatuated with these guys!"  We split up to go to our different
classes and I watched his sexy form until he disappeared around a corner.
It seemed that the rest of the day flew by, and suddenly it was time to
meet Seth.  I quickly made my way back to the dorm and let myself inside.
It was about 7:45 and Seth's class would have ended at 7:30.  But he wasn't
there.  I went into the bedroom to wait for him and saw the note on the
bed.  His girlfriend had called and he was going to dinner with her.  Damn!
I had not sucked off my roomie for more than a week and had been looking
forward to it.  I wondered about that thought for a second and what it
meant.  Seth was another guy I was infatuated with, but then I just
accepted it.  Doug had done a very good job in making me into a cock hound.

     Thinking of him, I opened the door to the bathroom and knocked on his.
I hoped that Doug would be there, ready for some more action, or at the
least Johnny.  I heard someone moving on the other side of the door and
after a few seconds it opened.  Doug stood there in all his masculine
glory, shirtless and with a half hard cock straining against his khaki
shorts.  He looked at me, then smirked a bit.  "Hmph!  I should have known
you'd show up, boy."

     "Can I come in, Doug?"  I knew my voice sounded like I was pleading,
but I couldn't help it.  I heard a voice come from deeper in his room and
it wasn't Johnny's.

     "Who is it Doug?" asked the female voice.

     "Someone who can help me out, since you won't."  Doug turned back to
me.  "Come on in cocksucker." Shit! He had said it loud enough for the
chick to hear!  Doug opened the door and stepped back a bit, giving me room
to slide past him.  I entered the room, not sure of what was going on, but
saw a girl sitting on the bed, buttoning up her blouse.  She seemed
surprised and embarrassed to have me walk in on her, and tried to turn
away, but Doug told her not to worry.  "This dude has seen it all before,
and a lot more.  He'll take care of the problem you're leaving me with,
Kay. So you can get out."

     She looked puzzled for a second then mad.  She stood up an and we both
watched as Doug grabbed his crotch.  I moaned inwardly, not wanting this to
happen, but not knowing any way that I could stop it.  Kay was quickly
finishing the buttons on her blouse, but now had a look of curiosity on her
face rather than confusion.  I stood in the middle of the room, just a foot
from Doug, waiting to see what he would do.  As Kay turned toward the door,
Doug reached out with his left hand and put it on my shoulder.  Kay took
two steps towards the front room, then paused to watch as Doug pushed down
on my shoulder and I sank to my knees.  My hard cock was obvious in my
jeans.  With his right hand, Doug undid the zipper of his shorts.  I wasn't
sure what she was doing after Doug's cock slid into my mouth.

     "You can just get out, since you're nothing but a cock tease.  I have
other business."  As he moaned, I heard the chick's footsteps, then the
door open and shut.  She had gone, but my face was burning red.  I couldn't
believe Doug had made me go down on him while his girlfriend watched.  But
now that I had his dick in my mouth, I found I really didn't care.  I
wanted to be on my knees for this stud, worshiping his body and his cock.
Doug's hands held my head tightly, pressing on my ears and he forced his
cock in more deeply.  I tried to tilt my head so that I could take him,
barely making his hands move.  As he slid in completely, he was staring
down at me and I savored the taste of his cock and the musky smell of his
crotch as he watched me do it.

     "You timed that just right, faggot.  She had been promising me some
action all evening, but when I get her back here, she got all shy and
wouldn't put out.  Fucking bitch!"  I felt his cock throb in my mouth and
throat.  I couldn't breathe, but Doug either didn't know or care.  "She was
pissing me off!  But you came along just in time." He dragged his hips
backward, the shaft of his cock reappearing from between my lips, slick and
shiny with my spit.  I gulped a breath before Doug slammed back into my
face.  " Now you are gonna take it, faggot.  She would have wanted it nice
and gentle, anyway.  At least I can fuck you like the worthless cunt you
are."  Saying that, he moved his hands to the back of my head, lacing his
fingers through my hair. I saw the veins in his forearms stand out for a
second before he used brute strength to force my mouth roughly back down to
the base of his shaft.  Even though I had already taken it down, his
roughness and the new angle made it tough and I choked on his meat.  That
just seemed to turn him on more.

     "Yeah, faggot, choke on my big cock!  Your fucking throat is nothing
but a pussy for me, boy.  Just like the rest of you.  Yeah take my fucking
meat!  Ahhh fuck that's the way, cocksucker.  Suck my dick like you mean
it, cunt!  Suck me hard!"  I was doing my best to obey, but Doug wasn't
waiting for me to use my tongue or try any of the techniques I had learned
while sucking his cock.  Instead he was roughly ramming his cock into my
throat, then using his solid grip on my hair to drag my lips back up his
shaft.  I would get enough time to suck in a quick breath through my nose
before he forced his way back down my throat.  My forehead hit the steel
button of his khakis each time my nose sunk into his pubes.  Doug kept this
up for several minutes, grunting deep in his chest with each thrust in,
while I tried to use my tongue and lips to give him more pleasure.

     Suddenly he yanked his hips back and my head off his throbbing cock.
He gripped the hair in the back of my head more tightly with his right hand
and pulled face up, so that I knelt at his feet, looking up at his eyes.
He seemed angry and turned on at the same time.  With his left hand, he
grabbed the base of his shaft and began to beat my face with his spit
soaked cock.  This was not a light slapping either, but hard blows from his
iron hard cock.  "Stick your tongue out, fuckwad!" he ordered.  I quickly
obeyed, kneeling at this stud's feet, tongue hanging out of my mouth like a
slut while he beat my face with his dick and rubbed my spit and his precum
all over my cheeks, forehead and lips.  I knew from the way my face was
stinging that his cock had to be as well.  But at least in this position,
as humiliating as it was, I could look up and watch him.

     His face was shiny with sweat, as were the muscles of his pecs and the
smooth skin of his tight abs which stretched tightly upward out of his
khakis, a thin line of darker hair running up from the material above the
button to his navel.  His eyes were staring in to mine and his nostrils
flared each time his chest swelled with his breath.  The biceps in his arms
were bunched up and straining as he held my head and his cock.  Doug's dick
slapped my cheek and I felt his precum dripping into my eye, but I didn't
want to close it on the incredible sight of this muscular stud standing
over me and dick slapping me.  I had never seen anything so sexy.  My cock
was so hard in my jeans I thought it would break in two.

     Finally he took a deep breath and I lustfully admired the way beads of
sweat formed in the valley between his nipples as his chest expanded.  He
released his cock and the back of my head, then used his left hand to shove
me backward.  I fell back against the bed, losing my balance.  I sat there,
unsure what to do, watching Doug breathe heavily.  His eyes were closed,
but suddenly flew open.  He stared down at me.

     "Fucking strip, faggot.  Now!"  It was a command, delivered in a tone
that I had never heard from Doug.  I quickly stood and shucked off my
socks, jeans, shirt and boxers.  Naked, I didn't know what to do, so I
dropped my eyes from his and slowly sank back to my knees, my throbbing
dick betraying to him how much I was enjoying this treatment. Doug raised
his left foot and ordered me to remove his sock.  I did that, then removed
the sock on his left foot.  Now he had on only his shorts and underwear.
"Unbutton my shorts, you worthless faggot."  I reached forward to his
waist, but he smacked my hand away, hard.  "No fucking hands, dammit!  Use
you teeth!"

     I dropped my hands to my own crotch, not even thinking, and leaned
forward to try to get the button undone with my teeth.  "Goddammit!" Doug
swore, "I said no hands, you stupid fucking faggot. Shit!"  He stepped back
from me and I realized my mistake.  I had used my hands on my own cock.
Doug walked to his closet and pulled out a necktie.  He moved behind me.
"You should know better than that, you stupid shithead.  Now put your hands
behind your back, faggot."  I didn't even really hesitate, but I guess I
didn't move quickly enough for him because suddenly his hand was gripping
my throat.  His mouth was close to my ear when he spoke again.

     "When I said hands behind your back, faggot, I wasn't kidding around.
Now you either obey me, boy, or I will kick you out into the hall, naked,
and you will never ever get to touch me again.  Which is it going to be?"
I could tell he was pissed off by the chick he had thrown out of his room.

     I was more scared by Doug's threat of never letting me touch him again
than being thrown out in the hall, and I know he knew it.  "Please sir,
here are my hands."  I crossed my wrists behind me at the small of my
back. "Please let me have your cock, sir."  The thought of never touching
Doug's magnificent body, of never again tasting his skin, his sweat, his
cum had me ready do anything to obey him and please him.  Apparently my
response met with his approval.

     Not saying anything, Doug wound the tie around my wrists and tied them
tightly.  Fortunately, it wasn't tight enough to cut off my circulation.
He then stepped back in front of me.  His chest was still heaving from pent
up anger or frustration.  I wasn't sure which.  "Now get these clothes off
me, you worthless cunt!"

     I leaned forward, pressing my forehead against the warm skin of his
abdomen.  I could feel his ab muscles flexing against my face as he panted.
I managed to use my lips to pull the material of his shorts back and then
grabbed it with my teeth.  Twisting my head, I popped the button free,
though I was sorry to break the contact I had with his skin.  Since Doug
had already undone the zipper, the shorts fell to his ankles when I
released the grip I had with my teeth.  Doug kicked them away and stared
down at me.

     "Now my boxers, faggot!  Do I have to tell you everything??"  Actually
I knew what he wanted, but with his strange mood, I was afraid to do
anything before he told me to do it.  I leaned forward and used my lips
again.  Basically, I got to kiss the area three inches below his navel
until I got a grip on the cotton waistband.  Then I used my teeth again to
pull it away from him, then down his lean hips.  His cock sprang up,
hitting me on the chin and cheek and I heard Doug chuckle.  The sound was
music to my ears.  I had to move my entire head downward to pull the fabric
over the hard muscle of his butt and along his thighs, but eventually they
too fell to his ankles.  Doug kicked them away in turn.  I sat back on my
heels, looking at the hard cock which had made me into the pussyboy I was.
I wanted to take it into my mouth again, but looked up at Doug, begging him
with my eyes for permission.

     Doug looked down at me with a satisfied smirk on his face.  Instead of
letting me take his rod back into my mouth, Doug stepped back and sat on
his bed, his legs spread wide.  His cock stood up tight against his abdomen
as his sat back against the wall.  I saw his balls were still hanging low.
I remembered how they had been in my mouth and felt my mouth water.
Briefly, I wondered again at my total conversion into Doug's sex toy, but
when he spoke again, his sexy voice dispelled those thoughts.

     "Crawl over here, faggot.  Stick your face in my crotch and show me
how much you want my dick in you.  Come on boy.  Show me what a pussy you
are for a real man."  Doug crossed his arms against the wall behind his
head, showing off the muscles of his V shaped torso.  I moaned like the
slut he had made me and crawled forward between his legs.  I bent over
letting my face fall against his hairy balls and hard dick.  Doug laughed
over me.

     "Jesus, Clay, you should see yourself.  I tell you to shove your face
in my crotch and you are ready to suck my balls before I even get the words
out."  He chuckled again.  "You have turned into a better fuckboy than I
had ever hoped.  Guess the time Mikey had you helped.  I told the kid there
were no limits with ya.  One day I will have to get you to tell me
everything you let my highschool punk little brother do to ya, collegeboy
fag."  I heard the derision in his voice.  It was not quite contempt, I
guess because he enjoyed what I was doing too much, but he was definitely
speaking to somebody he considered inferior.

     "Now look at you.  Hands tied behind your back, stripped naked and
slobbering over my dick like some cock hungry hooker.  You want my dick
back in your mouth, boy?  You wanna suck my big fat cock?"

     I looked up at him.  "Yes, sir.  Please.  Let me suck your cock, sir.
Please!"  I didn't even try to keep the begging out of my voice.  His skin
still glistened with sweat.  The dorms had turned the heat on a few days
before and the rooms were now pretty much burning up unless you kept the
window wide open for air.  Doug's window was closed, for which I was
thankful or else anyone walking in the courtyard would be able to hear
this.  But the heat was building in the room and both of us were sweating,
Doug more than I after his exertions.

     "You can earn the right, cocksucker.  You can earn to right to taste
my cum.  That's what you want, isn't it?  To feel my sperm shooting down
your faggot throat?"

     "Yes, Doug, please," I panted, leaning back.  "I want you to cum in my
mouth, sir."

     "Just your mouth?" He demanded.

     "Anywhere, sir.  I want you to cum in me anywhere!"

     "God, what a fucking slut you are.  I should invite every guy in the
dorm in here to plug your mouth and pussy.  You know you'd love it.
Fucking faggot cocksucker.  How would you like that?  Huh boy?  How'd you
like me to round up a dozen guys and see what fun they could have?"

     I pulled at the bindings on my wrist, but it was futile.  Doug could
tie a knot.  And, actually, I was kind of excited by what he was saying.  I
didn't really want to suck off a bunch of guys I didn't know, or get fucked
by them, but the thought of it was still somehow exciting.  Regardless,
Doug was in front of me and it was his cock that I wanted, his cum.
"Please Doug, sir, I want to suck you off.  Please let me suck you off.  I
want to so badly.  I want to taste your cum."

     "I know you do faggot.  You were born to be a cum sucking faggot.
Never forget who showed you what you are.  But you gotta earn the right.
Why don't you kiss my foot, faggot.  You want my body so much, you need to
get more familiar with all it."  He moved his left foot onto the bed in
front of me.  Like the slut he had made me, I lowered my face to it with a
moan.  My tongue snaked out of my mouth and I began to lick at it.  Doug's
skin tasted salty and warm.  My own cock was leaking precum now at this
latest degradation.  I was so turned on by this hot stud making me kiss and
lick his foot.  I worked over every inch of the top of it, slowly moving
down to his toes.  I managed to look up at him and our eyes met.  I knew
from his look what he wanted me to do and I began to suck his toes.  Doug
let out a satisfied chuckle as I worked my way down them, then he presented
me with his other foot.  I took care of it as well.

     Doug let his feet slide off the bed to the floor and my mouth was
presented with his shins.  I tongued them without hesitation, licking up
his sweat and tasting his skin.  He didn't allow me to stay there long,
reaching down and guiding my head upwards along his thighs.  I was pulling
again at the tie around my wrists again, wanting to feel his hard body with
more than my tongue and lips but it was useless.  Doug seemed to get turned
on more by watching me struggle.

     "Stupid faggot.  You're not gonna get free until I let you.  Go ahead
and try though.  I like watching you squirm.  Just like you squirmed when I
busted your cherry that first time.  Never seen a guy move his ass so much!
Course, I wasn't gonna let you get away." He laughed.  "And like I told
you, you were loving it long before I ever even blew my load in your
pussy."  I was still licking his right thigh as he turned and lay flat on
the bed, presenting me with his left side.  His hand guided my mouth past
his cock to my disappointment.  He had me lick his chest and abs, spending
a long time on his nipples.  This was familiar territory.  I had worshiped
his chest before.  Then he pushed my face into his armpit.  The smell was
funky but sexy.  It still smelled totally of Doug.  I licked at his sweat
there, tasting it, lapping at the darker hair that grew there.

     "Yeah, eat out my pit, boy.  What a fucking piece of faggot shit you
are.  Sucking the sweat outta another dude's pit!  I never met a guy so
low.  And your fucking cock is harder than ever!  You pussy.  You are
getting off on licking my goddamn sweaty pit!  Do it boy!  Show me how much
you dig my body.  Lick it!"

     I had no choice but to obey with his hand on the back of my head
holding me in place, but I wouldn't have pulled away if I could have.  I
wanted to lick every inch of this hot stud's body.  I had done it for him
before and knew how much he got off on it.  That was all that mattered to
me.  If it made Doug happy or gave him pleasure, then I wanted to do it.
Doug pulled my face out of his pit and looked at me.

     "You wanna suck my cock boy?  You want it in your mouth?"

     My lips and tongue were alomst numb, but I managed to mumble yes.  He
pulled my head back more, until I was forced to look at the ceiling.  I was
panting harder now.  "Then you have some more work to do, faggot."  Doug
released my head.  I watched as he raised himself up and turned onto his
stomach.  He spread his legs.  "Go ahead, asslicker.  Climb on the bed and
show me a good time."

     I struggled to my feet and looked down at him for a second.  His head
rested on his hands and he was facing the wall.  His shoulder muscled were
bunched up, tapering down along to the small of his back.  His spine was
well defined, running down the center of his back and leading my eyes to
the mounds of his ass and the crack there.  As I climbed awkwardly onto the
bed, Doug spread his legs a bit more, giving me better access.  It was
difficult to lean over without using my hands and I found myself falling
forward, my face into his ass.  Doug just moaned.

     "Use that tongue, cunt.  Dig it in deep."

     I wasted no time obeying.  I lapped at the soft blond hairs on his ass
before moving my face directly to his hole.  I let my tongue tease it,
enjoying the moans and what were almost whimpers that came from Doug as I
did it.  As I lapped at his hole, his whimpers grew into pronounced moans,
then he began to speak.

     "Yes, that's it faggot.  Lick my hole.  Ohhh, fuck yeah.  Get nasty
with me, asslicker.  Show me what a fucking slut you are, licking another
guy's hole just to get him to fuck you.  Ahhh fuck yeah!  Get me ready to
make you my pussyboy again!"  I felt Doug's body twitching as I rimmed him.
"Yeah, that's it!  Ahh yeah, up inside!"  He moaned loudly.

     All too soon, he pulled forward and slid off the bed.  Doug grabbed my
hair and pulled me forward until I landed face down on the bed, arms still
bound behind me.  In a flash he brought a knee down between my legs, then
another.  He scooted forward, using his knees and thighs under me to spread
my legs open and raise my ass in the air at the same time.

     "I'm ready now, pussyboy!  Gonna fuck your tight hole."  I felt one
hand come down between my shoulder blades, pinning me to the bed.  I
managed to turn my face to the right so I could at least breathe.  I felt
Doug raise my hips up a bit more, then I could feel the head of his cock
pressing against my hole.  I turned my head more.  Doug's chin was against
his chest.  He was looking down past his tight belly and his right hand was
at the base of his cock, guiding it into me.  I groaned loudly as his
cockhead, lubed just with just the precum from my rimjob, stretched me
open.  I know Doug was having trouble, but he kept forcing it in harder and
harder.  "Take my fucking cock, faggot.  Open that pussy!"  Finally my hole
gave way to him and his cockhead punched into me.  Mercilessly, Doug slowly
drove his cock in deeper growling as he did it.  "Yeaahhh!"

     I could only groan again as I felt his pubes against my ass.  Slowly,
he began to pull out.  It was only a bit easier. When I could feel the
flare of his cockhead stretching my hole, Doug rammed forward.  I let out a
yelp.

     "Take my fuck, bitch!" Doug shouted.  "My big dick will make you
squeal!  Fucking take it."  Doug was pulling back and ramming in again and
again.  The friction was incredible to me and I couldn't see how he could
last.  But Doug surprised me.  He pulled all the way out, and I could hear
him suck in two deep breaths, then he punched back inside me.  I yelped
again, which seemed to spur him on.

     "Fuck yeah, boy.  You are gonna feel this fuck!  You are gonna wail as
I fuck you boy!"  He pulled out and punched into me three, four, five more
times, each time forcing a louder whimpering yelp out of me.  Then he
clenched my body to his.

     Ohhh!  Fuck!!! Take it you cum loving faggot!  Take my cum!  Filling
your hot pussy!"  I felt him ram into me and hold himself there, buried up
inside me.  I moaned in pleasure as I felt his body shake and his cock
begin to throb.  "Fuck! Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!"  Doug screamed out his orgasm,
forcing and fucking me deeper into the bed as he did it.  I could feel all
his weight one me, his hips driving his big cock inside and his hands both
on my shoulders.  I reveled in it as he held me immobile and emptied his
balls into my abused ass.  Finally, I felt his body begin to relax and he
lowered himself onto my back, forcing me onto my stomach.  My cock was
caught at a bad angle beneath me, but I never considered disturbing the
dominant male on my back, his softening cock still penetrating me deeply.
I would wait until he was ready to move before my cock would get relief.

************

Author's Note: Thanks to all who haven taken the time to write.  I
appreciate the email and you have kept the story going.  I may have another
chapter or two, but then I have to move to something that makes money
(hopefully).  Still, for what may be the last chapter, any suggestions? No
promises on how the story goes, but always nice to get new ideas.

Date: Sat, 9 Dec 2000 19:58:49 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug Chpater 13

			     Dominated by Doug

				Chapter 13

				    By

			      Percxyz@aol.com

     Doug laid on top of me, his cock filling me, for a good five minutes
until his breathing was back to normal.  His dick had never gotten
completely soft and I felt it slowly begin to harden more.  My arms and
cock were aching with the weight of him on me, but it still felt delicious.
Finally, Doug moved his head, the stubble on his chin scraping across the
back of my neck.  He put his hands down on the bed and lifted himself up
over me.  Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him staring down at me.
He moved his hips in a circular motion and I moaned in pleasure.  His hard
cock probed into me at all angles hitting spots deep inside me that made my
own cock leak even more.

     "You even get off on this, dontcha, faggot?  You like me just laying
on you and using you for a cushion."  He twisted his hips around again.
"And you definitely like my big cock up inside you."  I felt abandoned when
he pulled out of me and groaned in disappointment.  "Shut up, cunt.  You're
gonna get it again soon, don't worry."  I felt his hands at my wrists,
undoing the tie.  When my wrists were free, I pulled them up above me to
rub them, mindful of how he had used this instinctive move against me
before, but Doug did nothing.  After a few seconds he climbed off the bed.

     "On your back, cocksucker.  You're gonna give me the head that bitch
should have earlier."  I obediently rolled onto my back twisting sideways
on the bed until Doug's cock was pointing at my mouth.  He wasted no time
sliding it between my lips.  "Ahh fuck yeah, faggot.  You give it up to me
any way I want it!  I can fuck your twat then shove my cock down your
throat the next second.  And all you do is get hard and leak your faggot
juice from your faggot cock while I put it in ya.  Suck me boy.  Suck my
big cock!"

     I really wasn't getting a chance to suck him.  Doug had bent his knees
and pulled me forward until my head dropped over the side of the bed.  I
had been in this position before.  It was Doug's favorite way to skull fuck
me.  He began to pound into my throat.  His balls slapped against my eyes,
the hairy sack scraping against my forehead.  Despite the roughness he was
showing, I was still in heaven.  This jock stud had fucked me into
submission and now was using my mouth for more pleasure.  Not caring about
the consequences, I grabbed my own cock with my right hand and began to
jack off.  I knew I wasn't supposed to jack off without permission, but I
heard him laugh.

     "You fucking worthless cocksucking cunt!  You dig this so much you are
beating off while I do it to you!  Damn!  What a fag.  Go for it, faggot.
Jerk your pussyboy cock while I fuck your throat.  I wanna see you shoot
your cocksucker load while I fill your belly with a real man's cum!"

     I was beating my meat even harder now, listening to his words.  They
seemed to sink deeply into my mind.  I was there to please him.  My mouth
was there to please his cock and the rest of my body was there to please
his ego.  I was just a fuck toy to him, but I was ready to do anything to
give him more pleasure, make him feel more manly.  I wanted to give him my
body for him to use and both of us were getting off on my submission.  My
ass still was sore from the rough fuck he had thrown in it.  My boypussy as
Doug called it.  He had certainly used it like a pussy, even called me a
cunt.  The thoughts just made me even hotter.

     As Doug pulled back and then thrust in again, I could taste some of
the precum he was leaking again.  The jock was a damn cum machine!  He
seemed always ready to shoot another load.  But hell, I was always ready
and happy to take it.  I began to moan around his cock giving him a hum job
without even having to work at it.  I was so far gone that I couldn't
control myself.  My whole world was contained in this room and the center
of it was the muscular jock who was fucking my throat.  I could only barely
hear his words.

     "Yeah, bitch.  Take my dick, cocksucker.  Eat my fucking meat!  Yeah,
boy, take it all!  You are the best, faggot.  You suck dick like a pro.
You are a better cocksucker than any chick I've ever had!  You're gonna
suck the cum right outta my balls boy.  Gonna make me cum in your mouth!
Fuck yeah!  Do it boy!  Work it.  Work for my cum, you faggot.  Ahhhh,
that's the way.  You'll get my sperm soon, suckboy."

     His words, the tone of his voice, husky with lust were too much for
me.  Moaning loudly around his pistoning shaft, I began to cum.  I felt my
balls draw up and then I was shooting.  Doug's hand were suddenly on my
chest, holding me in place for his thrusting cock while my whole body
twitched and shook from the force of my orgasm.  I felt my cum splattering
against my chin, then on my chest and heard Doug laughing.

     "That's it boy!  Shoot your wad while I fuck your throat.  You know
your place, boy.  You cum with my cock in ya.  Now it's my turn!  Take it
bitch!  Take my fucking load!  I want you to taste it!"  His cock exploded
in my mouth.  I opened my eyes, staring at his ballsac, not even an inch
from my eyes, up against the base of his cock.  I could see his balls held
tight inside and knew they were emptying into me.  I sucked even harder,
trying to get every drop.  Apparently Doug felt it.  "That's the way, boy.
Work for my cum!  You are a goddam cum vaccuum!  Oh fuck yeah..."  He
trailed off and I felt and saw some of the tension drain from his body.
The pressure of his hands on my chest relaxed a bit and he slowly ran his
cock in and out of my throat, not forcing it as he had been doing.  After
another minute, he pulled his softening cock out of my mouth completely and
stood up.

     I looked past his spit soaked cock, up his muscular chest to his face.
He was staring down at me with a smug grin on his face.  Seeing that was
enough to allow me to ignore my sore throat and ass.  Just seeing the
satisfaction and arrogant look on his sweaty face seemed to make everything
worthwhile.  I was full of this young buck's cum at both ends and couldn't
have been happier.

     "Get up," Doug ordered.  I twisted around on the bed and sat up.  Doug
took a step back and sat on Johnny's bed.  God he looked so good!  Even
sweaty and flushed with exertion, he looked good enough to eat.  I found
myself wanting to go down on him again.  He must have seen the thought in
my eyes because before I could even move he said, "You want more, don't ya,
faggot?"  I could only nod, my voice not ready to work after the rough
throat fucking he had given me.  He chuckled, his chest shaking as he did
so.  I found my eyes glued to the muscles moving there.  I wanted him still
so badly.

     "Well, you are covered in stinking faggot cum, boy.  I suggest you get
out of my bedroom and into the shower.  Now!"  It was a command and a
dismissal.  Reluctantly, my eyes still drinking in his sexy physique, I
stood up and went to the door.  As I opened it, he spoke again.  "Don't
worry faggot, I am gonna use you plenty more.  Just now I want some sleep,
so get out."  I slipped through the door and into my room.  Standing in
front of my mirror, I saw myself.  My lips were red, as was my face.  I was
covered in sweat and cum was dripping down my neck and chest.  I was
suddenly embarrassed by what I had let Doug do to me.  He had put me on my
knees with a chick watching!  Oh God!  I dropped my eyes from the
reflection in the mirror, grabbed my towel and went to the shower.


                         ***************

     Three days went by with me watching Doug escort his latest chick
around campus and in and out of his dorm room.  I had found myself a cute
girl and had spent one night with her, but my thoughts kept drifting back
to Doug, even as we were fucking.  I thought I would go crazy!  Then I saw
Lyle in class and decided to see if he wanted some action.  After class
ended, I caught up to him in the hallway.

     "Hey Lyle," I called.

     He turned and when he saw who it was a smirk crossed his face.  He
stopped and waited for me to catch up with him.  As I reached him, Lyle
turned and started walking again, forcing me to follow.  "Whatcha want?" he
asked shortly.

     "Well, um.  I .. uh... was wondering what you were doing later." I
said lamely.  I knew how I sounded, but hell, how did you just go up to
another dude and ask him if he would fuck you?  Regardless, Lyle knew what
I wanted.  He slowed some and the rest of the class moved on, leaving us
behind.  He stopped and looked at me.  He wore jeans and a polo shirt that
showed off his chest nicely.  His eyes raked up and down my body.

     "Yeah, I bet you were, boy," he said quietly.  "I can guess what
you're wanting, too.  Do you want me to say it?"  He grinned at me.

     "No!" I said quickly.  "I was just wondering if you wanted to maybe
get a beer or something later."

     "A beer or something.  Yeah right.  Where do you want to drink it?"
The way he said it definitely had two meanings and he let his hand drop
down to his crotch, rubbing it lightly.  I felt myself blush, which made
him chuckle.  "Let me guess, my room?"  I could only nod my head in
agreement.  Lyle looked at his watch.  "It's one o'clock.  Be at my room at
four."  He turned and walked away, leaving me admiring his trim form.

     I wandered through my next class, not even following what the
professor said.  It took up time until three, giving me still an hour to
kill.  I tried studying in the student union, but saw Doug and his girl
there.  Doug gave me a wave, which I returned, but made no move to stop and
talk to me.  I watched him disappear into the student bar with the blond
girl.  Shutting my book, I went back to my dorm room, dumped my stuff and
headed for Lyle's dorm.  The walk took me about 5 minutes, so I killed
another ten in the lobby.  Finally, it was time.  Trying to keep my hard
cock from being too obvious, I went up to Lyle's floor and walked to his
door.

     I paused at the door.  I could still walk away.  I could just turn
around and go back to my dorm room and call my latest chick.  But I found
my fist knocking before the thought was finished.  Anxiously, I waited for
the door to open.  When it did, the sandy haired dude whom I had seen in
the hallway when I left Lyle's room the last time stood in front of me.  He
was in shorts, with no shirt.  He had a tight build.  Not hugely muscular,
but defined and trim like a swimmer.  His muscles and smooth skin looked
good, not as big as Lyle was, but a nice body regardless.  Before I had
stared to long I found my voice.

     "Um, is Lyle here?" I asked.

     The guy opened the door wider and stepped a bit to the side.  "Come on
in."  I obeyed automatically, expecting to find Lyle at his desk or on his
bed but the rest of the room was empty.  I turned to look at the guy as he
shut the door.  He was staring at me, his eyes obviously evaluating me.

     "Where's Lyle?" I asked.  "Are you his roommate?"

     "Lyle is out for an hour or two.  My name is Josh.  He told me you'd
be here and that I could do whatever I wanted until he got home."  He
waited, staring at me, to see how I took that statement.  I didn't know
what to do or say.

     "What..what did he tell you about me?"

     "I know he fucked you and that you blew him.  Apparently you blew him
in that fag bookstore!"  Josh laughed.  "You must have really been hard up
for it!"

     While that wasn't exactly the truth, I didn't want to tell him about
Doug making me go there.  Then I remembered Lyle's words.  He had fucked
this boy the first night they roomed together.  "Yeah, well, he told me he
fucked you, too." I managed to say.

     "Maybe he did, maybe he didn't."  Josh took a step closing the
distance between us.  "But we both know he fucked you, and to judge by that
bulge in your jeans, you came looking for more.  Well, you found me and
I'll be happy to oblige."  As he said this, he reached out and grabbed my
wrist, pulling my hand to his crotch.  He rubbed my hand against the cotton
shorts and I could feel his cock growing.  "Lyle said you were a hot one.
I can't wait to put my cock in ya."  I let my hand grip his hardening cock
through his shorts.  He felt it and gave me a grin.  "So why don't you
strip, Clay?"
     I wasn't even surprised he knew my name.  Lyle had decided to give me
to his roommate to use.  The feel of his hardening cock decided me.  With
my free hand I grabbed at the neck of my shirt and pulled it over my head.
Josh let out a low whistle and released my wrist.  I kept rubbing his cock
and looked at his face.  His brown eyes were focused on my chest and I felt
his fingers grab my nipples.  I dropped my shirt on the floor and moaned as
he squeezed my nipples.

     "Yeah, nice body so far dude.  Why don't we get outta these clothes
and get a good look at you."  His hands went to my belt, undoing it as I
yanked at his shorts.  They fell to his ankles and I saw he was wearing no
underwear.  His cock, a good seven inches of thick uncut meat snapped up at
an angle from his crotch.  Josh had my jeans undone and I kicked them away.
He pulled at my boxers and I heard them rip.  In seconds they were off me
and I stood there naked with him.  His eyes roamed my body as his hand
grabbed my cock.  I moaned again.  "Definitely a hot one, guy," he said as
he began to push me backwards.

     I fell back onto the bed and Josh came down on top of me.  Our hard
cocks rubbed together as he covered my mouth with his own.  I felt his
tongue against my lips and let mine part.  He quickly snaked his tongue
inside my mouth, exploring at will.  He moaned into my mouth, his hips
humping our dicks together.  I thought the friction was going to make me
cum!  Reluctantly, I broke the kiss.

     "You better stop that, or I'm gonna shoot, Josh," I panted.

     "Not yet, buddy.  Not for awhile yet."  Josh moved forward on the bed,
bringing his cock to my mouth.  I opened for it willingly and heard him
moan softly as it slid between my lips.  I ran my tongue over the head,
working it under the foreskin and felt him twitch.  "Yeah, cocksucker.
Show me how good you are!"  I went to work, both with my tongue and my
whole mouth.  I was bobbing my head as best I could, while looking up at
the stud above me.  He was definitely a hot dude and I loved the feel of
his steely cock in my mouth.

     I felt him sink in deeper and ran my tongue along the veins on the
bottom of his shaft.  He moaned again in appreciation.  Then the head of
his cock hit the entrance to my throat.  He punched against it several
times chocking me some.  Then, keeping his cock partway in my mouth he
rotated above me until he knelt over my head.  I felt him slide a hand
under my neck and lift, pulling my throat into a straight line for his
cock.

     "Now take it, cocksucker!"  He slid the full length into my throat and
I felt his hands playing again with my nipples.  I was rubbing his legs and
the mounds of his ass as he penetrated my mouth.  Before I knew my nipples
were as hard as my cock.  His hands slid down my abs and past my cock.  I
moaned in disappointment, but they kept moving down, onto my thighs.  Then
I felt his breath, warm along the shaft of my cock.  Before I could react,
I felt his warm, silky mouth engulf my cockhead.  Josh began to thrust
slowly in and out of my throat as he slowly took more of my dick into his
mouth.  My whole body was thrashing and Josh pinned first my left arm, then
my right under his knees.  His hands clamped onto my shins and he set the
pace of his thrusts into my mouth.  His own mouth still teasingly sank
lower onto my shaft.  I flexed my hips upward, but he let his head move
with it, not taking any more.

     Frustrated, I let my ass fall back on the bed, resigned to taking his
thrusting cock and whatever sucking he wanted to give me.  To my surprise,
he followed me down and took my cock into his throat.  I was in pure
ecstasy!  Josh now started to move his head in time with his own thrusts.
I knew there was no way I was going to last long.  I was pinned underneath
this dude, his cock down my throat and my dick in his sucking mouth!  He
kept up the pace on my cock and with his own, so that it almost felt like I
was sucking myself.  Then I felt my abs tightening and my balls drawing up.
Just as I started to shoot, Josh pulled off my cock, letting my cum spray
onto my chest and belly.  His own cock continued to fuck my face.  As I
finished shooting my load, I heard Josh moan and his seed filled my mouth
in six quick spurts.

     "Swallow it, boy," he said, panting.  I obeyed, letting his cum slide
down my throat.  Josh ran his cock in and out of my mouth a few more times,
then slowly pulled out.  He sat back on the bed, catching his breath.  I
sat up and turned to look at him.  He had a big grin on his face.

     "How'd you like that?" he asked.

     "It was incredible!"

     "Swallowing my cum or being sucked?"

     "Both," I admitted, and Josh chuckled.

     "Grab a towel over there and wipe yourself off.  I want that hot ass,
boy!"  I stood and did as he ordered, then turned to him.  Josh was still
on the bed, his legs spread in front of him and his cock half hard.  "Get
over on Lyle's bed, on your back," he ordered.  Again I obeyed and watched
the sexy stud climb off his bed and stand.  Still half hard, Josh climbed
onto the bed over me and lowered his ass to my face.  I knew what to do
without being told and let my tongue lap at his hole.  He went wild,
grinding his ass on my face and encouraging me to do more.  I rimmed him
for a good five minutes before he suddenly pulled away.

     His cock was fully hard again.  Moving down a bit, he shoved it into
my mouth again.  I sucked for less than a minute before he yanked it out.
Josh moved until he knelt between my legs.  He reached under my knees and
rolled me up onto my shoulders.  For an instant, I thought he was going to
rim me as well, something I had never gotten a chick to do, but he just
spit on my hole four or five times.  Then, looking me in the eye, he slid
the head of his cock up to my hole.  He paused there for a second, then
using just our combined spit, slid his cock into me.

     I groaned in pain and pleasure as this dude penetrated me.  I could
feel inch after inch of his cock slide into me and watched the look of
pleasure that ran across his face as he made me his pussyboy.  Within
seconds, I felt his pubes against my ass and knew I had taken it all.  Josh
never waited a second.  He immediately pulled back and rammed home again
still holding me in position beneath him.  He let my legs slide along his
arms until the back of my knees caught at his biceps and he lowered himself
onto me more.  Now his face was just inches above mine.  Both of us were
shaking with the force of his cock pounding into me.

     "Lyle told me you like it fast and hard.  So take it pussyboy!  Take
my fucking cock!"  Those words reminded me how Lyle had set me up, but I
was to into Josh's fuck to care.  Then he lowered his lips onto mine again
and I was lost in his kiss.  His tongue plunged into my mouth as his cock
plunged into my guts.  He moaned into my mouth and his hands gripped my
arms, pushing them onto the bed.  The rough fucking he had been giving me
began to get more and more out of control as Josh tried to nail me to the
bed with his dick.  I sucked in a lungful of his breath as he fucked me
wildly.  My ass felt on fire from the friction of him inside me, but my
hard cock was throbbing between us.

     Suddenly his thrusting hips lost their rough rhythm and his mouth slid
off of mine.  I felt his cheek against mine as he moaned into my ear.  Josh
thrust deeply inside me and held there.  His body shook, all of his muscles
tensed and I felt Josh's cock throbbing inside me.  "Ah! Ah!  Ah! Ah!
Ahhhhh, fuck yeeeeahhhhh!!!" he nearly screamed as he filled me with his
cum.  My own cock, trapped between our sweaty abs erupted again and I
moaned in pleasure with my own orgasm.  I realized that Josh's face was
over mine again and he was watching my face as I shot my load.  He was
still panting.

     "Yeah, cocksucker.  Shoot your wad for me!  Squeeze my cock, faggot!
Fuck yeah!  Never fucked a guy until he shot his wad before.  You are
better than Lyle said."  Josh didn't even pull out of me.  He pushed me
more into a ball, until his chest was over my face.  He pushed his nipple
towards my mouth and I raised my head to suck and lick it.  Then I licked
the other.  That was enough to get the horny dude going again and I felt
his cock start to move in me.

     Josh fucked me slowly this time.  My ass was still on fire, but the
additional lube of his cum eased it some.  Working slowly in and out, Josh
fucked me, his face still just inches from mine.  I groaned again and saw
him smile.  "Does it hurt, boy?"

     "Oh fuck.  It hurts, but fuck, it feels good!"  Josh gave me a big
smile.

     "Good, cause this is gonna take awhile."  He slowly moved in and out
of me, working his cock at different angles and grinning at me each time he
made me moan.  After about five minutes, he pulled up off of me and I felt
his cock slide out.  I moaned in relief, but Josh pushed both my legs to
the right and slid onto his side behind me.  I felt his cock penetrate me
again and moaned.

     "Yeah, boy, take it.  Take it all!" Josh moaned into my ear.  I could
feel his not breath on my ear as he humped me.  "Raise your leg, faggot,"
he ordered.  I obeyed and felt his cock slie in more deeply.  His hands
played with my nipples, then ran along my abs.  I felt his fingers, covered
in my own cum slide into my mouth and I licked them clean.  Josh's hips
were moving faster and suddenly he stopped, holding his breath for a few
seconds.  He let it out slowly, not moving.  After about thirty seconds, he
began to move in me again.  I realized that he had been ready to cum, but
had stopped so that he could fuck longer.  It was something Doug enjoyed
doing too.

     Josh pushed me forward until I was on my stomach and he was laying on
my back.  His hips still drove his cock into me.  I was moaning and
groaning, his cock forcing sound out of me each time it slid in.  I
couldn't help myself.

     "Yeah, got you moaning like a whore now, boy.  You got a great fucking
pussy!  Fuck I am loving this.  Big butch stud with my cock up his ass
moaning like a fucking bitch!  Take it, pussyboy."  Josh's smooth chest was
slick against my back with our sweat.  It rubbed against me, turning me on
even more.  Suddenly it raised off of me and I felt Josh's hands on my
hips.  He used them to pull me up onto my knees, but when I tried to raise
up on my hands, Josh forced me back face down onto the bed.  He held me
there, fucking me harder.  His hips were moving faster again.  I was
moaning more loudly, the feel of his cock in me almost more than I could
take.

     I never even heard the door open.

     "Sounds like you're giving him a hell of a ride, Josh."  Josh's hips
never stopped moving.  I tried again to raise up, but Josh's hand between
my shoulder blades held me in place.

     "Fuck yeah, I am, Lyle. This guy is a total slut!"

     "I know, I could hear him in the hallway.  Sounded pretty wild."  I
heard music suddenly come on as Lyle adjusted the stereo.  "How close are
you?"

     Josh, who had been fucking harder and faster, said, "Almost there.
Gonna cream him again soon!"

     "Again?  How many loads have you pumped into the faggot?"

     "On is in his mouth and another in his pussy.  Gonna be a second one
there soon."  I felt the pressure from Josh's hand suddenly stop and raised
myself up onto my hands.  I looked around to see Lyle standing there, his
shirt stripped off.  As I watched, he pulled Josh's head to his chest.  As
Josh began to lick, he moaned loudly and I felt him begin to cum.  Lyle
released his head and Josh collapsed onto my back, his cock spurting the
last of his load into me.  Lyle let him rest for about a minute.

     "All right, Josh.  Time to pull out and clean up.  The man is home and
I expect some serious service from both you, pussyboys."  Josh did as Lyle
ordered, pulling out and climbing off the bed.  I looked at Lyle again.  As
he stripped off his jeans, he looked at me.  "How do you like being my
faggot's pussyboy?"  I could see Lyle's cock was already hard.

**************

Author's note: As I indicated at the end of the last chapter, the series is
drawing to a close.  However, Josh seemed to need some time in the story,
so this is not quite the end.  Thanks also to all who have written with
suggestions.  Some will make it into the story.  Whether there is one more
chapter or two will depend on the response I get.  If you are tired of the
series, let me know.  If you want it to continue, let me know that.
Anyway, thanks again to all who have written.

Date: Thu, 8 Mar 2001 13:13:29 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug - Chapter 14

                        Dominated by Doug

                            Chapter 14

                                by

                         Percxyz@aol.com

     Lyle stepped up to the bed where I knelt, now completely naked.  Josh
had quickly washed up at the sink and some back over to join us.  I glanced
at him as he watched Lyle move and saw a look of desire and submission in
his face.  It was clear that Lyle ruled this dorm room.  Lyle stepped back
and sat on the edge of Josh's bed.  His hard cock stuck up in the air
nearly pointing straight at the ceiling.  I felt my mouth water.  I wanted
to suck this stud again.  Lyle looked at both of us.

     "OK, fag boys.  I think you'd look good on your knees with your mouths
on my cock and balls.  Don't you?"

     Neither of us hesitated.  I dropped to my knees next to Lyle's right
leg as Josh did the same next to Lyle's left.  I went for the head of his
cock with my mouth and bumped my forehead against Josh's.  We both jerked
our heads back and Lyle laughed.

     "All right, all right," he said.  "Clay, you start as cocksucker and
Josh, you get to be ball licker."  I eagerly slipped my mouth over his
meat, feeling its throbbing heat as I sank lower onto it.  Josh wasted no
time moving his head and mouth under mine and engulfing Lyle's hairy balls.
Lyle let out a long, low moan of pleasure.

     "Damn!" he said.  "Two fucking pussyboys to use.  I've been wanting to
try something like this for awhile.  Had two chicks before, but you faggots
really know how to treat my dick right.  Suck it deep, Clay.  Use your
tongue more, Josh.  Ahhhhhh!"

     I had pushed down until Lyle's cockhead hit the back of my throat.
Obeying his command, I tilted my head some for better access into my throat
and felt Lyle's hand on the back of my head.  I had made the adjustment in
the nick of time since Lyle roughly shoved my head down, his cock pumping
into my throat.  I choked a bit, but that just seemed to make him hotter.
Lyle laid back on the bed and I ran my eyes up along his body.  The curves
of muscle along his abs and across his chest were a major turn on for me
and I put extra effort into getting my nose down to his pubes.  As I did
so, my chin bumped Josh's head, but neither of us stopped what we were
doing.  Then I felt Lyle's leg as he stretched it out between my knees.  He
pushed his shin against my hard cock and I moaned around his shaft.  I felt
Josh moving next to me and realized that he was now humping his cock
against Lyle's other leg.  I raised my eyes again to Lyle's face.  He was
watching me suck his cock.

     "Go ahead, doggie," Lyle told me.  "Hump my leg.  I like to see you
fags get your jollies while working to get my load."  I needed no further
encouragement and began to rub my cock against his hairy shin.  I couldn't
believe how good it felt with his cock in my mouth and my own against his
leg.  Lyle had now grabbed a fistful of my hair and was using it to drag my
mouth up and down his cock.  I made no effort to resist, wanting to please
this hot stud.  Josh was slurping at Lyle's sac, making as much noise as I
was on his cock.  I watched as Lyle used his other hand to grab Josh by the
hair.  He pulled the handsome stud's face off his balls and up next to
mine.  At the same time, he pulled my mouth up to the head of his cock.
Josh's lips met mine with Lyle's cockhead between them.  We were french
kissing and lapping up Lyle's precum at the same time.  Lyle moaned again
at the stimulation both our mouths gave him.

     "Fuck yeah!  This is the way it should always be!"  I looked again at
the hot muscular body stretched above me on the bed.  Damn, this stud was
fucking built!  I reached over with my right hand and found Josh's cock.
He was hard again and I began to stroke him lightly.  Josh moaned into my
mouth in appreciation, but didn't grab my dick.  We began to run our mouths
up and down the sides of Lyle's shaft, our tongues dueling as we did it.
Lyle was moaning steadily now, one hand on the top of each of our heads.
He let us continue this attention for a few minutes before I felt his fist
grab my hair again.  He pulled my head until I was looking at his face and
did the same to Josh.  Both of use were panting a bit.

     "So, I've got my fag here." Lyle looked at Josh.  "And we've got a guy
who's been my fag's pussyboy." Lyle grinned and looked at me.  I didn't
even blush.  Hell, Josh had fucked me up the ass just moments before, so I
was in no position to deny it.  Besides, something about hearing this hot
stud describe me as his fag's pussyboy made my cock throb.

     "Shit," I thought.  "Being a cocksucker was low, but being a
cocksucker's fuckboy was even lower.  Still, being called the lowest of the
low only got me more excited."  I wondered briefly about what Doug had made
me into and how he had done it.  I knew he was still working on the end
result.  Where and what would I be by the end of the school year?  Lyle
brought me back to the present.

     "So, Clay.  You've been fucked by my faggot.  You ready for a real
man's cock now?"  He was looking at me with a mix of derision and lust on
his face.

     "Yes, please, Lyle.  I want you to fuck me."

     "Yeah, I know you do, bitch.  Josh, you can watch the show."  Josh
leaned back a bit and Lyle used his grip on my hair to pull me up his body.
I climbed onto the bed, straddling his hips with my knees.  Lyle scooted
back on the bed as I did so to make himself more comforatble and give me
room to work.  Fortunately, not only was my ass lubed with Josh's cum, but
Lyle's cock was well covered with spit, because before I knew it, Lyle
reached up, putting his hands on my shoulders.  Then he roughly shoved me
down.  Josh must have been guiding Lyle's cock because it rammed into me in
one rough stab.  My head snapped back involuntarily as I groaned in both
pain and pleasure.  Lyle's cock was thicker than Josh's and stretched me
wider, but having no choice, I took it.  I felt my ass settle against his
scratchy pubes and managed to look down at the man who had just made me
fuck myself on his dick.  He was watching me with a big grin now on his
face.

     "Get to work, faggot.  Ride me good!"

     I obeyed, raising myself up the length of Lyle's throbbing cock,
feeling its fullness leaving me before allowing gravity to pull me back
down.  Using the muscles in my legs, I managed to set up a pace that seemed
to please the dark haired stud who was relaxing, even lounging, on his back
as I worked his dick with my boypussy.  I watched as he put his hands
behind his head.  His biceps flexed and I could see the hair in his pits as
he settled onto the bed.  The sight of his muscles and his attitude made my
cock throb.  It looked like he was just resting as I worked his cock faster
with my ass, squeezing it the way Doug had taught me.  For several minutes,
Lyle seemed completely at ease.  He was watching me, obviously enjoying the
sight of me straining to work his cock and please him.

     The muscles in my legs were tiring as I pumped my entire body up and
down to work the length of his cock with my ass.  Then his breathing
started to speed up and I saw some sweat glistening on his chest as it
began to expand and contract more quickly.  Just watching the way his chest
filled with air gave me a second wind.  I moved even faster and Lyle let me
continue for a few more moments before he took me by surprise.  Grabbing me
by the waist, he rolled me to one side and onto my back.  Now he was on his
knees between my legs which he pushed into the air.  I felt hands on my
head as Josh turned my face towards him.  Josh was now kneeling on the bed
and his hard cock was ready.  He wasted no time sliding it between my lips.
Again I found myself taking cock at both ends at once.

     "Yeah, Josh, make this faggot suck you while I treat his pussy right.
This fucking slut can't get enough cock, even from pussyboys like you."
Josh didn't comment, just started to fuck my mouth, holding my head in
place.  The angle was bad and I felt myself choking on his cock, but he
ignored that.

     "Yeah, he was a hot fuck, Lyle," Josh said.

     "I wondered which one of you would come out on top, boy.  I was glad
to see you taking this slut like a dog when I came in.  But don't think
that means you are any better than a pussyboy yourself, faggot.  You are
still my personal fucking cocksucker and fucktoy."

     "I know," Josh said softly, his cock roughly fucking my mouth.

     Lyle's thrusts were coming harder and faster now and he ordered Josh
to match his pace.  It was all I could do to deal with the cocks that were
now pounding me without mercy.  "Fucking pussy.  Take my big dick, bitch.
Feel it inside you, boy.  Oh, fuck!  That's it!  Milk my cock you slut.
Milk it good and make me cum!"  Lyle was nearly in a frenzy now.  I was
using every trick I knew on both Lyle's cock and Josh's, wanting to make
these studs cum.  I didn't know how much longer I could take the pounding,
but knew it wouldn't stop until they unloaded their cum into me.

     "Yeah, fucking squeeze it, faggot!" Lyle said.  "You want my load in
you, dontcha, bitch?" he asked.  It sounded like he had his teeth clenched
and I wished I could see his face, but there was no chance of that with
Josh down my throat.  Suddenly Josh's body stiffened and I felt his cock
expand.  He let out a series of gasps as he shot his load into my mouth.

     "That's it pussyboy.  Fill this slut with your cum.  I'm gonna sperm
him here in a second too.  Just a bit more.  Keep it tight, faggot!" Lyle
ordered, punctuating it with a slap to my ass.  I immediately tightened my
ass again and heard Lyle moan in appreciation.  His pistoning cock pulled
completely out of me, then forced its way back inside.  I relaxed my ass to
make it easier on both of us, but another hard slap had me tighten again
for him.

     "Keep it tight, cunt!" Lyle demanded.  "I wanna feel my cockhead
splitting you open each time, you dumb fuck!"  I obeyed, dealing with the
friction of his cockhead forcing open my hole again and again.  I moaned
around Josh's softening cock as Lyle's thrusts, on top of the fucking Josh
had given me, became almost too much to bear.  Josh pulled out of my mouth
and released my head.  I turned to look at Lyle as he rammed into me
completely lost in his fucking.  I saw his jaws clenched, the muscles in
his neck and chest standing out and he rammed in brutally and held his cock
there.  I watched as the cords in his neck stood out and I could feel his
pulse racing in his throbbing cock in the second before he shot his load.

     Lyle let out almost a shout as his cock exploded.  "Fucking take it
bitch!  Take my cum, you cock slut!  Fuck yeah!  Ah! Ah! Ah!"  I saw Lyle's
eyes close with pure pleasure as he emptied his balls into me.  His
handsome face was tight and his lips pulled back in a grimace of pleasure
as he came, showing his clenched teeth.  Finally, the last spurt of cum
left his body and entered mine.  Lyle let out the breath he had been
holding and I admired again the tight abs and broad shoulders of the man on
top of me and inside me.  Lyle let his head drop forward, eyes still closed
as I watched.  Then he opened them and gave me a grin.

     "Nice job, pussyboy.  You are a good fucking hole for my cock."  Lyle
pulled back, his withdrawing cock leaving me feeling empty.  Josh was now
sitting on the other bed, having just watched Lyle fill me with cum.  I
looked over at him and saw he was idly playing with his meat.  It was
getting hard again and I wondered if I would be taking yet another load of
his cum.  But Lyle had other plans.

     "Get up and get dressed, faggot.  We've had our fun with you, so you
can get your pussy back home.  I'm sure you will find cock there to fill
it."  Lyle climbed off the bed and sat down on the other bed next to Josh.
As I watched, he reached out and pulled Josh's head to his crotch.  I
watched as Lyle's cock disappeared into Josh's unresisting mouth before I
stood and began to pull on my clothes.  Lyle didn't even look at me as I
slipped out of the door into the hall.  I made my way back to my dorm.

                         ***************

     The rest of the week passed quickly with Doug allowing me to suck him
several mornings and taking me once from behind after my morning shower,
bent over one of the sinks in the bathroom.  I had gotten up late, my
Friday morning class having been canceled and thought I had the place to
myself.  I had just finished brushing my teeth when I heard the door to
Doug's room open.  I was surprised because by that time everyone should
have been in class.  Doug sauntered into the bathroom, giving me a grin
when he saw me.  I felt my cock begin to stiffen under the towel I had
around my waist.  Doug's hard on was obvious in his boxers though it was
also obvious he had been up for awhile.

     Doug stepped up behind me.  I looked at him in the mirror.  He stared
at me, a smirk playing on his lips before he suddenly closed the remaining
distance between us, pressing his hard cock against my ass.  Our eyes met
in the mirror as his hand reached around me and pulled at the towel.  It
dropped to the floor and I watched as Doug rested his chin on my left
shoulder and looked down the front of my body.

     "Hard just at the sight of me, huh, Clay?  I'm hard too.  Got a nice
surprise for you.  Was gonna put it to you when I found out my class had
been canceled and I got back here, but figured I would wait until you were
all squeaky clean."  His hand was now rubbing up against my ass as he
pulled down the front of his boxers.  I felt his stiff cock spring up along
my ass cheek, a trail of precum marking its path.  I watched my eyes widen
in the mirror over the sink.  He couldn't be planning to fuck me right
here!  Anybody could walk in if they had blown off class!  I watched as
Doug pulled his chin off my shoulder and looked down at his cock.  He spit
on it about a half dozen times.

     Not giving me time to even protest, he jammed his cock against my
hole.  Our eyes met in the mirror and when they did, Doug took me with one
brutal stroke.  The smirk on his lips grew as he saw my panic at being
fucked up the ass in the middle of the communal bathroom. He was also
obviously enjoying my submission to his probing cock.  He knew he had me as
soon as his cock penetrated me.  Hell, he had me when he walked into the
room.

     Bending me over the sink a bit, Doug began to fuck, taking his time
and using long slow strokes.  I could tell he knew I was worried about
someone walking into the bathroom and was making this fuck last as long as
possible.  There were still four guys who shared the bathroom that didn't
know Doug had made me his slut, and he was obviously enjoying my
discomfort.  Doug put a hand between my shoulder blades and pushed me
forward until my face was against the mirror.  I turned my head before my
nose hit so that my left cheek was against the cold glass.  I felt Doug's
tongue and lips on my ear and felt my cock throbbing against the cold
porcelain of the sink.  Doug's thrusts began to get faster and I could tell
that he was on his way to cumming.

     He slowed his pace again and let me straighten up a bit so that I
could see him again in the mirror.  His face looked so fucking sexy that I
forgot all about where we were.  The view of his face in the mirror was
different from the way I could normally watch him fuck me and I felt myself
lost in his eyes.  With his cock moving in and out of me, he reached around
body, grabbed my nipples with both hands and twisted.  His lips and then
his teeth scraped at the back of my neck.  I could feel it was going to be
too much.

     "I'm gonna cum, Sir!"

     "Not until I do, faggot," he ordered, and his fingers squeezed harder
on my nipples.  "You take my cum first, you pussyboy, before you shoot your
wad."  With a major effort of will, I managed to hold back my cum.
Fortunately, Doug was now ready himself.  With a low moan and a deep
thrust, Doug unloaded into me.  I erupted seconds later, spraying the sink
and mirror with my cum.  Doug let out a chuckle and roughly yanked his cock
out of me.  He stepped back, leaving me grasping the sink to remain upright
and panting from the forceful fuck he had given me.  I looked up again to
meet his eyes in the mirror.

     "That was a great surprise, Doug.  Thank you sir," I said.  I found I
really meant it.  I had liked being taken by Doug, even with the
possibility of someone walking in on us.  Hell, I liked it even more
because of that.  It further established his authority over me by using me
sexually in a public place.  Looking at Doug I could tell that he knew what
I was thinking.

     "That wasn't the surprise," Doug said and turned away.  He turned on
the shower and ignored my questions about what he had meant.  Sweaty now
again myself, I jumped into the shower next to Doug, trying to find out
more, but he stopped my questions by forcing me to my knees and filling my
mouth with his cock.  I took it still soft and felt it grow and harden in
my mouth.  Doug gave my face a quick fucking as the water sprayed on us.  I
swallowed his thick salty cum with pleasure.  When he had finished, he
rinsed off and left the shower.  I heard him go back to his room and shut
the door behind him.  Still wondering what he had meant, I went and dressed
and made my way to class, discreetly checking out all of the hot guys I
passed as I walked.



                         ***************

     I made my way through class without too much problem.  I noticed
myself checking out more good looking guys that were in my classes and that
I passed in the hallways.  It seemed a couple of them might have been doing
the same thing, but I figured it was my imagination.  I realized that I was
spending more time looking at muscled chests and tight abs than I was tits,
but I couldn't help myself.  Finally the bell ending the last class rang
and I was finished for the day.  I sat at my desk for a second, pretending
to straighten my books as two hot young men who sat just in front of me got
up, walked past my desk and headed to the door.  Both had lean, firm bodies
and their tight jeans showed off their buns.  I found myself wanting to
bury my face between them and spend some time licking their holes,
listening to them moan in pleasure.  Suddenly I snapped out of my daydream
and looked around.  Most everyone had left and I realized that my cock was
now hard.  Awkwardly, I adjusted it in my boxers before getting up to leave
the classroom.

     I got back to the dorm and headed up the street to my entry.  I could
see lights on in Doug and Johnny's room and wondered what they were doing.
I stifled that thought before I was hard again and went to check my mail.
I climbed back up the steps from the common room downstairs and reached my
door.  I opened it with my key and as I stepped inside, I heard the door
behind me open.  I glanced over my shoulder and saw Doug in the doorway.
He was framed by the light from the window in his room behind him.  His
broad shoulders were bare, as was the rest of his upper body.  Shadows
played on the rippled muscles in his chest, arms and abdomen.  I turned to
face him, blood pumping into my cock.

     Doug said nothing.  He simply stared at me for a few moments.  I was
unsure what to do.  The sight of his smooth skin and bare chest had me
transfixed.  I couldn't have turned away even if the fire alarm had
sounded.  Doug's eyes traveled down my body, then back up to my face.  Our
eyes met.

     "Be in my room in 3 minutes.  Boxers only."  Doug stepped back and let
his door swing closed.

     As soon as he was gone from view, I could move again.  I stepped into
my own dorm room and shut my door, flipping the lock.  Three minutes.  I
had one instant of indecision.  Did I really want to go to his room and let
him do to me all the things he wanted?  He would put his cock in my mouth,
up my ass.  He would shoot his sperm on my face and in my mouth, at the
least.  He would make me lick his ass, suck his balls.  He would make me
lick the sweat from his skin.  I would leave full of his cum.  Those
thoughts got my cock rock hard and it ruled my reasoning and my actions.  I
pulled at my sweatshirt and got it over my head.  Dumping it on the floor,
I kicked off my shoes and socks, then unbuttoned my 501's.  I let them drop
on the floor as well.  My cock was pushing out against the cotton material
of my boxers as I went to the door the led into the bathroom.  I opened it
and peeked inside.  No one was there.

     I stepped across the small hallway and knocked on the door to Doug's
room.  It was opened a few seconds later by a bare chested Johnny.  The
sight of his dark skin, firm chest and tight abs made me even hornier.  His
dark good looks had been a major source of my fantasies when I jerked off
at night.  He stepped back, letting me into the bedroom.  Doug was in the
next room, sitting in his desk chair with a book open in front of him.  He
was stripped down to a pair of boxer shorts.  The sight of so much prime
naked male flesh had my cock leaking precum, making an obvious wet spot in
my own underwear.

     "Hey Doug, the fag's here," Johnny called as he shut the door.  I was
too far gone to care if anyone overheard that statement.  I felt Johnny's
hand between grab the back of my neck, and he guided me into the room where
Doug sat.  Doug slowly turned his upper body to look at me.  This made the
muscles in his chest and abs ripple and my knees almost felt weak.  God,
this stud was so well put together!  I didn't care what he did to me as
long as I got to touch that incredible body, suck it and lick it.  Johnny's
hand on my neck was also electric.  The sight of his darker body, trim and
muscular and hard also played in my mind.  I wanted both of these studs.  I
wanted them in me.  It seemed that Doug had been right.  Making him and his
incredibly sexy Latino roommate shoot their wads was the whole purpose of
my existence.

     "Right on time, fag.  You are getting better at taking orders."  Doug
looked at Johnny.  "Whatcha in the mood for, roomie?  You can have first
crack at him, if ya want."  Doug turned back to the book on his desk that
he was studying.  I felt Johnny's hand tighten on the back of my neck and
he began to pull me back into the bedroom.

     "Come on, boy.  I feel like pumping out a load of cum or two.  Your
mouth looks like the perfect place for the first one."

     I felt my face redden even though I thought I was long past feeling
embarrassed about what I did with these guys.  Hell, I had swallowed
Johnny's cum before.  I could even admit to myself now that I liked the way
he tasted.  The Latino stud was a real fox too.  I watched the muscles in
his lean brown body flex and tense as he used his strength to push me onto
his bed.  As I submitted to his sexual desires, I drank in the sight of his
trim body with my eyes.  I had never seen any model in any magazine that
looked any better.

     I ended up on my back with Johnny standing over me next to the bed.
He was wearing a pair of sweat pants and his hard cock was clearly visible
through the material.  Without wasting any words, he yanked them down and
kicked them off on the floor.  He was wearing no underwear and his cock
snapped up against his tight belly.  Johnny simply climbed on top of me on
the bed, straddling my chest with his knees.  His cock waved above my face
as he moved.  His balls rubbed my nose and lips.

     "Lick 'em!"

     I let my tongue snake out of my mouth and tease his sac.  I was heard
him moan.  Johhny rubbed his balls and his shaft all over my face, getting
my cheeks and forehead wet with his precum.  I continued to work on him,
lapping at his hairy balls, sucking them into my mouth, then licking the
stretch of skin between his balls and his hole.  I felt Johnny shudder over
top of me as the tip of my tongue touched his hole.  For a second I had a
flash in my mind of my own cock, slowly sliding into his tight hole, but he
pushed downward on my face, reminding me of my job.  I tongued his crack
and his hole, eliciting deep moans of pleasure from Johnny's chest.  When
he had pushed me onto the bed, Johnny had pinned my arms under his shins,
so I couldn't feel his hot body with my hands the way I wanted, but I was
content where I was.

     "Fuck yeah!  Lick out my hole, boy.  Damn! You are a great asslicker,
faggot.  Bet you never thought you'd be licking out guys' holes and getting
off on it."  He rubbed his crack up and down my face.  I kept up the tongue
action, knowing how much it seemed to turn on every guy.  Before long,
Johnny pulled back and the head of his cock slid along my lips.  He had
been leaking precum like crazy and coated my lips with it.  I licked it up
as he watched.

     "Damn, fagboy.  Doug sure has made you into a complete cock-slut.
You'll do anything for what comes out of a man's balls, won't ya? Specially
what comes out of mine and Doug's."  I mumbled a yes.  "Yeah, I know you
will, boy.  Well open wide, pussylips.  Time to start swallowing my meat."
With his right hand, Johnny grabbed the base of his dark cock and used that
leverage to push the head between my lips.  I accepted it meekly.  This was
the reason I was in this room and on this bed - to take cock, be it
Johnny's or Doug's, any way they wanted to give it.  Johnny let out a
satisfied "Yeahhhh," as his cock slid deeper into my mouth.

     I knew that he liked a lot of tongue action on the head of his dick,
at least until he came.  I set to work, lapping at his piss slit, tasting
the precum oozing from it.  Johnny began thrusting with his hips now,
driving his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth each time.  It was a bad
angle for him to take my throat, but I knew that he wouldn't care.  A
minute later he used brute force to get the head of his cock into my
throat.  I watched, my eyes watering as he leaned forward, putting his
hands on the metal bar that made up the head board of the bed.  This let
him drive his cock straight down into my throat regardless of the angle.

     I had no choice but to take his fucking of my mouth.  His hips were
moving like a machine.  This stud wanted to get off and get off now.
Choking with each of his deep thrusts, I felt tears dripping down my cheeks
from the force of his fuck.  As drops of sweat began to form on Johnny's
chest I felt him twitch.  He drove in deep and with a yell, began to shoot
his load into my mouth.  I could see his ab muscles tighten each time his
cock throbbed in my mouth.  His cum was shooting in thick spurts, against
my tongue, against the roof of my mouth.  Johnny then pulled back and out
of my mouth and I looked at his cockhead against the side of my nose before
he shot another stream of white sperm across my eye and up onto and past my
forehead.  He let out a loud sigh.

     "Sounds like you went for a quick one, bud," Doug commented from the
other room.  "Mind if I cut in for a while?"  Johnny was still panting with
exertion.

     "Gimme a second to catch my breath and we'll switch," Johnny replied.

     I felt Johhny's cum dripping into my hair, but my arms were still
pinned by under his shins.  His chest heaved as he caught his breath and I
watched him above me.  The taste of his hot cum filled my mouth and I
swallowed again to try and clear it.  Johnny's cum tasted good, but for me,
nobody tasted better than Doug.  Doug came through the doorway into the
bedroom and looked at us.  I heard him chuckle.

     "Look at this.  Fucking cum faced faggot."

     "You've said often enough that he is just a cum dump, buddy."  Johnny
chuckled as well.  "Figured his face was as good as his mouth.  Besides, I
like shooting my jizz on another dude's face.  How could any guy be so
fucking low they would take that?"

     "Know whatcha mean, bro.  I like it too.  Matter of fact, next to
pumping my cum into this pussyboy, the best thing is covering his faggot
face with it.  We need to both blow a couple loads on those smooth cheeks
at the same time.  Why don't you give me a while with him and I'll give you
a shout when it's time to mark him as our property again."

     "Our property, Doug?"  Johnny asked.

     "Hell, buddy, we've shared beers, food, clothes, a dorm room and even
chicks.  Why not this faggot?  This boy was put on this earth to take
dicks, especially our dicks, and he needs it all the time.  We both should
use him whenever we want."  I wasn't surprised by Doug's statement.  He had
shared me with other men before, including Johnny, but now he was
explicitly making me Johnny's sex toy as well as his own.  I didn't mind
and wouldn't complain if I did.  First, Doug had completely taken control
of my will as far as sex was concerned, and Johnny was pure sex himself.
My cock stayed throbbed, but I knew better than to touch it without Doug's
permission.

     Doug walked into the bedroom as Johnny grabbed a towel and went into
the bathroom.  Doug closed the door behind his roommate and turned to look
at me.  I was naked on the bed and I am sure my face was flushed from
sucking off the hot Latin stud.  Looking at the young blond god who had
made me into the cocksucker that I was had my cock leaking precum like a
fountain.  Doug crossed his arms over his chest and stared at me.  I
watched his eyes run up and down my body, assessing me like a piece of
meat.  I forced myself to keep my hands at my side, knowing he would be
angry if I touched my cock without his permission.  Finally his eyes
settled back on my face.

     "I think you should suck me off before we take you on your errand,
faggot.  I told you there was a surprise."

**************

Author's Note: I have told those who have written to me that there would be
at least one last chapter.  I find it necessary to break the chapter into
two.  Thanks to all who have written, you are responsible for this chapter
and what more may come.  Depending on the response to this, I may continue
further.

Date: Wed, 29 Aug 2001 08:35:12 EDT
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated By Doug 15

                        Dominated by Doug

                            Chapter 15

                                by

                         Percxyz@aol.com


     Doug looked at me and gave me a sexy, cocky grin.  I knew that grin
well.  I usually saw it after Doug had finished in my mouth or ass.  At
those times it said, "I just filled you with my cum, pussyboy, and we both
know you loved it."  Right now it said, "We both know you are hot for my
dick, so get on it and I'll shoot a load down your throat."

     I stepped over to Doug and dropped to my knees on the floor in front
of him.  He was still bare chested and I drank in the dight of his taut abs
and the mounds of muscle in his chest.  I let my gaze drop, taking in the
faded blue denim of his jeans and the bulge in his crotch.  I saw he was
wearing a pair of tennis shoes without socks and just the sight of his bare
ankles, the strip of leather encircling one, made my cock throb again.  I
looked up to his face.  Doug was staring down at me, watching my reaction
to being on my knees in front of him.  I thought he would reach for his
zipper, but instead, he continued to stare at me, his hands at his sides.
I watched his hands for a second, my mouth watering at the sight of the
veins standing out along his forearms.  I wanted to lean forward and suck
his fingers, but wasn't sure what to do. I looked up at his face again.

     Doug's grin was still there.  I just waited, staring up at him.  Just
as I was about ready to beg, his right hand moved to the top of my head,
while his left unzipped his jeans.  The trail of hair running down from his
navel widened as he opened them and pulled down his boxers.  His cock was
already hard and sprang upward.  I felt his fist tighten in my hair as he
began to pull my mouth to the shiny head of his cock.  I let it slide
between my lips, tasting his salty precum.  It was a taste I had learned to
love.  I heard myself moan in pleasure and then heard Doug chuckle above
me.  In what was now a well practiced move, I let the length of his manhood
slide into my throat.  The brutal face fuck that Johnny had just given me
actually made it easier.

     Doug's chuckle turned into a sigh of pleasure as his cock sank home.
He held my head firmly, his cock soaking in my mouth.  I turned my head
upward a fraction and looked up his tight belly and chest to his face.
Doug's eyes were closed and I wondered how long I would have to hold my
breath.  I managed to move my tongue along the underside of his shaft a bit
and was rewarded when Doug's body twitched.  He slowly pulled his hips
backward, dragging his cock slowly out from between my lips.  I watched as
it appeared, amazed that I was so turned on by this stud's cock in my
mouth.  But I was in heaven, I couldn't deny it.  I wanted nothing more
than to make this man cum and taste his hot load as it spurted out of his
cock onto my tongue.  Briefly the thought went through my head that I
shouldn't be so infatuated with another man's cock, or even another male
for that matter, but I banished the thought and went back to work.
                         
     I obediently took Doug's thrust into my mouth, working my tongue as
best I could on his head and shaft.  Doug forced my lips to his pubes, then
pulled out again.  He set up a steady, but slow rhythm, leisurely filling
my mouth with his length, then leaving me empty.  I lost myself in the feel
of his cock sliding over my lips, the brief tastes of his precum as the
head of his cock slid along my tongue.  After a few minutes, Doug's slow
thrusting began to speed up, his cock taking my mouth and throat faster and
faster.  I watched the muscles in his right forearm flex as he held my head
in place and my desire for him grew even more.  I clamped my lips harder
around his shaft, milking it the way he had taught me, and heard him draw
in a breath in appreciation.  His hips moved even faster and I felt his
balls, which had been slapping against my chin, begin to draw up.  I could
tell he was about to cum and I wanted nothing more than to bring him off.

     With a loud groan, Doug began to pump his cum into my mouth.  He kept
up the movement of his hips through the first few spurts.  They hit the
roof of my mouth, shot along my tongue and down my throat.  Then he
suddenly pulled his spurting dick from my mouth.  I knelt, mouth still open
as he pumped another five large spurts onto my cheeks, forehead, eyes and
lips.  I took it like the obedient cocksucker I was, enjoying the taste of
this stud in my mouth and the warm cum dripping along my cheeks to my chin.
Finally, Doug's body relaxed and he slowly let his softening cock slide out
of my mouth.  I sat back on my heels when he released my hair, panting from
the effort.  My cock was still rock hard and my hand moved to it
involuntarily.

     "Save it, faggot!"  Doug's sharp words stopped my hand before I even
got a hold on my cock.  I looked up at him. He was slowly zipping up his
jeans, a picture of pure masculinity in front of me.  Stifling my desire to
cum in favor of my desire to make Doug happy, I let my hand drop to my
side.  Doug flashed me his superior grin "That was me marking what's mine
so that you will remember who owns you, cock, mouth and asshole.  Get it
pussyboy?"  I nodded, cum dripping onto my top lip.  I licked it off
unconsciously.  Doug smiled again.  "You really like the taste of my jizz,
don't you guy?"  I nodded again and Doug told me to get up and get cleaned
up.  I obeyed, forcing my stiff cock into my shorts and heading for the
shower.

     When I had dried and dressed, Doug told me to follow him as he pulled
on a shirt.  We left the dorm, walked to the sidewalk and turned to the
right, heading up the hill.  I tried to act nonchalant as we walked along,
but I was dying to know what Doug had in mind.  As we turned onto another
road a few blocks later, I began to get an idea.  My cock, which had
softened from the shower and the walk, began to grow again.  We were
walking along a street lined with huge homes of all kinds of styles - Frat
Row.

     Sure enough, just a few blocks later, Doug stopped on the sidewalk in
front of his frat house.  I looked at the place.  Two guys were passing a
football back and forth in the front lawn and called a greeting to Doug.
He replied and then led me to the front door.  I was having trouble pulling
my eyes away from the sight of the two frat studs.  One was shirtless and I
was enjoying the sight of his smooth pecs and his biceps flexing as he
tossed the ball.  He had a beautiful V- shaped torso and my cock, already
hard, twitched at the sight of him.  His buddy ws equally well developed,
but wearing a shirt.  Still it hung off his chest and back in a sexy way.
I forced myself to look at Doug and followed him onto the large front porch
of the frat house.  Doug opened the door and I followed him inside.

     There were several guys in a room to the right watching television.  I
was worried I was going to start drooling.  I knew that Doug's frat was
known to be a "jock" house, but I hadn't had the chance to see so many of
the studs up close before this.  Doug led me long a central hallway heading
straight back through the house to a door part way along on the left.  When
we got to it, Doug stopped and knocked.  We only waited a few seconds
before the door was opened by a dark haired stud.  He said hello to Doug,
then glanced over at me.  I saw his eyes narrow and watched as his eyes
traveled down then back up me appraisingly.  The guy stepped back and Doug
moved into the room.  I simply followed.

     We entered a large sitting room, complete with a couple of couches, a
desk, chairs and a TV.  As I looked around, I heard the guy ask with a tone
of disbelief, "Is this the guy, Doug?"

     "Sure is," Doug replied.  The guy had shut the door.

     "Damn.  He doesn't look like a cocksucker."  I felt both proud and
embarrassed.  I wasn't sure what a cocksucker was supposed to look like,
but I was glad I didn't fit the mold.  Still, to hear this complete
stranger call me a cocksucker made my face go red.  The guy saw that and
laughed at me.

     "He wasn't until he met me," Doug said.

     "Don't worry, kid.  Doug's told me all about you."  His hand dropped
to his crotch, massaging the bulge in his tight jeans.  "I got something
here that I'm sure you will like."  Watching him rub his crotch had my own
cock now completely stiff.

     "Well we can both see how much you want it, Clay," Doug said.  "Why
don't you get on your knees and show him just how good a cocksucker I've
made you?"  It was more a command than a suggestion and I knew it.  Still,
seeing this hot stud looking at me expectantly had my hormones ruling my
judgment.  I took two steps closer to the guy.  He was cleancut, his black
hair cut fairly short.  As I approached, he smiled and I was completely
lost.  My eyes locked onto his blue eyes as I sank to my knees.  I tore my
gaze from his eyes and took in what must have been two days stubble on his
face.  If anything, it made him look even sexier.  I dropped my gaze
further to his crotch which was now just a few inches from my face.  The
guy put his hands on his hips and just stood there.  I hesitated.

     "Get to it, boy!" Doug ordered.  I immediately reached for the button
of the guy's jeans.  I popped it open and pulled his shirt upwards.  This
gave me a glimpse of his abs and a thin line of dark hair which ran down
the center and disappeared into his jeans.  I wanted just to lean forward
and lick his abs, just worship his body with my tongue.  As I worked the
zipper, I did it, my tongue lapping at his slightly salty skin.  I heard
him laugh again above me.

     "Shit Doug!  This little faggot is hot for me."  I had the zipper
undone and slid his jeans down.  The boxers he was wearing were pulled
partway down as I did it.  I could feel the heat from his crotch and the
sexy musk nearly overwhelmed me.  I continued to lick at his abs while I
pulled down his boxers, then felt his cock hitting against my chin.  Not
wasting any time, I pulled my head back until the frat boy's cock stood
proudly in front of my face.  I risked a glance up at him and our eyes met
again.  He was staring at me intently.  I watched a smirk form on his lips
as I opened mine and let the head of his cock slide between them.  As I
closed my mouth around his cock head, his eyes closed in pleasure.  He
threw his head back and grabbed my head with both hands.  I tried to adjust
as his hips moved forward and he forced his cock into my mouth, then my
throat.  I tried not to choke as he sighed in pleasure.  He had a good
seven inches which were thickest just behind the ridge of his flaring head.
I got a quick taste of his precum, which in my opinion was not as good as
Doug's before he forced his cock deeper.

     I let my hands move from his hips around to his ass, feeling the
muscles clench as his drove his cock into my head.  He pulled his hips
back, dragging his cock out of my mouth, then spiked my throat again.  I
moved my hands up his back feeling his soft skin covering his tight, hard
muscles and the center line of his spine.  His body moved under my hands as
he slowly fucked my face.  He didn't seem to mind me feeling him, so I ran
my hands around his sides to his chest.  His hips were moving faster now
and the taste of his precum was filling my mouth.  My fingers explored the
ridges of his abdomen, then the mounds of his pecs.  He let out a low moan
as my fingers toyed gently with his nipples.

     "Oh fuck yeah...." he moaned.  "That's it, boy.  Suck my cock and rub
my chest.  Oh fuck yeah!  That's it.  Keep that up, cocksucker.  Ahhh!"
Before I knew it, this frat stud was unloading in my mouth.  I tasted his
salty cum as spurt after spurt shot onto my tongue.  The guy kept pumping
his dick into me, not stopping while he shot like so many guys did.
Several spurts hit the back of my throat, almost choking me.  His hands had
tightened almost painfully on my head, but with his cock filling my mouth,
there was no way for me to protest, even if I had wanted to.  So I knelt
there in this frat boy's room, sucking his cum down my throat as he fucked
my face.  Finally, his hips stopped moving and he pulled his cock out of my
mouth.  He was still rock hard.

     "Damn, this boy sucks like fucking Hoover, Doug!  I never blow a nut
that fast."

     "Yeah, I taught him right.  I've made ol' Clay here into a first class
cock slut."

     "You said he likes it up the ass?"

     "Almost as much as down the throat.  He fucking shoots his pussy wad
if you fuck him hard enough."

     "Hot damn.  You can bet I'm gonna get me some of that.  But I guess
that will have to wait for later."

     Hearing them talk about me like I was something to be used got me even
hotter than I had been with this guy's cock shooting in my mouth as Doug
watched.  My cock was leaking precum like crazy and I could feel the wet
spot forming in my shorts.  My lips still tingled from the friction of the
stud's cock pistoning in my mouth.  I suddenly realized that I didn't even
know the guy's name.  Hell, I hadn't even met the guy for thirty seconds
before I had his body in mine.  Now with his cum in my belly, he was in me
for good.  I felt my face flush, but screwed up my courage to ask.
     
     "Um.  Uh.  Doug, can I ask...  Um."  I looked up past the hard cock to
the guy's face.  "What's your name?"  He burst out laughing and I heard
Doug chuckling too.

     "So once you have a belly full of a guy's cum you want to know his
name?" he asked me.  "Kinda presumptuous, aren't you?"  I didn't know what
to say and let my eyes drop down to his feet.  Doug made the introduction.

     "Clay, I want you to meet Josh, the president of the fraternity."

     I wasn't sure what to do, being on my knees, but I put my hand up to
shake with him.  Josh gave my a grin and patted me on the head.  I let my
hand drop and it went unconsciously to my crotch.  I squeezed my cock
through my shorts as Josh petted me like a dog.  Josh pulled his jeans
closed and saw where my hand was.  "You better save that, cocksucker.
Unless you like sucking dick after you've blown a load."

     Doug spoke as I let my hand drop to my side.  "You'd be surprised,
Josh.  I've fucked his pussyboy load right out of him plenty of times and
he still is as cock crazy as ever.  He can't get enough."

     That was only partially true.  When Doug made me cum during one of the
sexual marathons he liked, there were plenty of times that I would have
preferred to just collapse on the bed and sleep, but he had trained me to
keep going to please him regardless of how I felt.  But it was true that I
was cock crazy.  For the thousandth time I wondered how he had made me
crave cock the way I did.  But then I looked at him again and the wave of
lust that washed through me wiped the thought from my mind.

     "You can be damn sure I'm gonna get some more of this.  I'd have never
thought a guy like him would be a cocksucker if I hadn't just blown my nut
in his mouth.  Fucker swallowed every drop too!  Shit, he's built well and
I guess is good looking enough.  How'd you know he was a fag, Doug?  He
make a pass at you?"

     "Hell, all I had to do was watch his eyes.  I caught him checking out
my body a couple times, so one night when I was horny I put my suspicions
to the test."  Doug looked at me.  "Took both your cherries that night.
Remember Clay?  I loved the way you whimpered like a little girl and then
even tried to fight me a little when I made you a pussyboy.  You loved it
too.  Didn't you?"  I didn't say anything.  "Well?" he demanded.

     "Yeah, Doug.  I loved it too.  I didn't think I would and it hurt at
first, but I loved it."  Admitting this in front of Josh was embarrassing,
but I didn't care.  Hell, I had just blown the guy.  This wouldn't be any
surprise to him.  Doug and Josh exchanged an amused look.

     "So," Doug said, "who did you line up?  I decided on two, myself."

     "Zach, first.  Then Rod and Sam," Josh replied.

     "The twins?"  Doug asked.  "I hadn't considered them.  You already
talked to them?"

     "Sure did."

     I wasn't exactly sure what they meant by their conversation, but was
getting an idea.  Josh's comment about sucking dick after having shot my
wad came back to me.  I was suddenly nervous.  They couldn't be planning on
having me suck off all those guys, could they?  I looked from Doug to Josh
and back to Doug.

     "Get up on your feet, cocksucker," Doug said.  I rose to my feet, and
stood there, shifting my weight from one foot to the other nervously.  Josh
did up his pants, moved to one of the couches and sat down.  He grabbed the
phone on the coffee table and dialed.  Doug moved to a chair and sat,
leaving me standing in the middle of the floor.

     "Hey, Zach.  It's Josh.  You about ready?  Yeah, I'm serious.  Get
down here and you'll see.  Yeah.  Alright.  Oh, and by the way, he does a
hell of a job!" Josh laughed.  "Of course I did!  Yeah, see ya soon."  Josh
turned and looked at me.  "Your next meal is on the way."  He and Doug both
burst out laughing.

     I didn't have to wait long.  Apparently Zach lived in the frat house.
The knock on the door came just a couple minutes later.  Josh yelled out
for Zach to come on in and the door swung open.  The guy who came in was
shorter than me, standing about five seven or five eight, but was
incredibly well built.  It looked like he had spent the past ten years in
the weight room.  Even so, he still was light on his feet and the muscle
looked natural on him, not steroid induced.  He shut the door behind him
and turned to look at me.

     "Looks normal enough," he said.  His hair was blond, though not as
light as Doug's.  He wore it kind of long but it looked good.  He walked
closer to me, still eyeing me.

     "He may look normal enough, but he is a cocksucker through and
through," Josh said.  I looked down at the floor.  Zach walked up to me and
I stared at his jean covered legs and leather loafers.  I raised my eyes
until I reached his face.  I was looking down at him.  He looked me in the
eye for a minute.

     "Strip and assume the position, Clay," Doug ordered.  I obediently
kicked off my shoes, pulled off my shirt and shorts, then sank to my knees
as Zach's eyes widened in surprise.  I was embarrassed to be buck ass naked
in a room with three frat guys, two of whom I didn't even know and on my
knees, to boot, but there was no disobeying Doug.  Zach's look of surprise
had turned to a look of pleasure as I took the submissive position at his
feet.  Zach wore a pair of khaki shorts, white t-shirt and sandals.  He
didn't wait for me, pulling open the button of his shorts and unzipping
them.  As his cock grew towards my face, I saw he wore no underwear.  His
cock was shorter than Josh's, but fatter.  I leaned in to take him in my
mouth.

     "He's just gonna suck me right here in front of both of you?" He
asked.  "This dude has no shame."

     "No, he's just been taught to be a good little cocksucker," Doug told
him.  By then, I had taken the head of Zach's cock between my lips and
closed my mouth around it.  I heard a hissed intake of breath then Zach's
hands were on my head, guiding me down until my nose was pressed into his
pubes.

     "Damn.  He can take it all.  Fuck that feels good."

     "Take yours?"  Josh asked.  "Doug tells me the cocksucker can take him
to the root and you know how long his dick is.  This boy was just made to
suck dick.  How's it feel?"

     "Fucking great!  God! The way he uses his tongue.  He knows how to
milk a guy's rod, that's for sure.  Ohhhh, fuck yeah.  Eat my dick you
fucking faggot.  Suck my cock and make me cum.  You little shit.  Don't
even know me and you're on your knees with me skull fucking you.  Worthless
cocksucker.  Milk me!  Tighten up those lips!  Yeah, that's the way.  Eat
my dick, dude.  I wanna cum in your cocksucking mouth."

     All the talk had one effect, at least on me.  It made me hotter than
ever.  Doug had always been vocal during sex.  Sucking Josh had gone by so
quickly that I had just taken his load almost before I knew it.  But Zach
was definitely into this scene.  He wanted his cum down another guy's
throat and intended for me to know it.  I let my hands move to his hips as
I had done with Josh.
     
     "Get your fucking hands off me, faggot!" he ordered.  I immediately
dropped my hands to my sides.  "You are here to provide a hot wet hole for
my dick.  Not to feel me up like I am some toy for you to play with.  You
are the fucking toy, cocksucker.  Just like one of those blow up dolls with
the fake mouths.  Only you've got the real thing and once I've blown my
load down your throat, there won't be any washing it out.  You will just
swallow all my sperm and thank me for putting it in you.  Oh. Fuck.  Fuck!
I'm coming!!"

     I felt Zach's fingers digging into my scalp as he drove his cock deep
into my throat and held it there.  I could feel it throbbing as he pumped
his cum into me.

     "Drink it faggot.  Swallow it!" he commanded.  "Eat my fucking load,
you cocksucking bitch.  Ahhhhh yeahhhhh." The last was almost a growl of
pleasure.  I felt him relax and saw him visibly sag in front of me as the
tension left his body.  Still, he held his cock in my mouth for a few more
seconds.  Then he let it slip out, softening as it did.  As I knelt there,
looking at the part of this man which had just been inside me, Zach milked
the shaft of his cock until a large pearly drop of cum formed at the slit.
I looked up at his flushed face.

     "Lick it off, boy.  Show me what a slut you are for dick and sperm."
I licked the cum off the head of his cock and enjoyed it.  Zach zipped up
his shorts and swaggered over to the couch.  He sat down next to Josh. "So
anyone else coming to this party?"

     Josh picked up the phone again.  In a few minutes there was a knock at
the door.  To my relief, as I was still naked and on my knees, Josh asked
who it was.  Rod answered and Josh told him to come in, but don't open the
door too wide.  A slim, tall dark haired guy slipped inside, followed by
his exact double.  I felt my cock, which had been softening during the
wait, start to stiffen again.

     "Damn!" said one of the guys. "He really is here.  Shit.  I've been
looking forward to this!"

     "Me too," chimed in the other.

     They were obviously Rod and Sam.  As they talked with Josh, Doug and
Zach, I realized that they could tell them apart, but to me they looked
exactly the same.  Regardless, they were both hot men.  Well developed
jocks, which seemed to be the only type that could make it into this
fraternity.  I immediately thought soccer, just from the body type.  A bit
too muscular for swimmers, but not enough for football and too short for
basketball.  They stood about five ten or eleven, and had brown eyes to go
with their dark hair and darker complection.  Unlike Doug's tan, theirs was
just their natural coloring.  Not as dark as Johnny, but certainly not from
Sweden either.

     "No sense in waiting around," one of them said.  He stepped up in
front of me.

     "Yeah, just go for it, Sam.  He's obviously ready for it." Doug told
him.  Sam stepped up and I realized that he was the one wearing the white
shirt.  He dropped his shorts, showing hard in a pair of jockeys.  He
flipped them down and a nice seven inch cock appeared, pointing at my eye.
Sam grabbed my head and with the lust and impatience of any college age guy
shoved the head of his cock between my lips.

     "Go for it, Sammy!" I heard his brother cheering him on.  He was
definitely going for it.  Within a few seconds, he had pushed his way into
my throat.  He wasn't too thick and after what I had been through already,
he was fairly easy to take.  I heard him let out a moan above me and
twisted my head back a little.  I looked up his body.  Even encased in his
t-shirt he was a sexy guy.  Of course, the fact that his cock was filling
my mouth may have had something to do with that perception.  Still, he had
the look on his face of a confident, even arrogant, frat boy and I loved
every second.  He wasted no time, following his brother's coaching and
fucking my face hard.  I used all of the tricks that Doug had taught me,
and soon felt his body stiffening.  He wasn't a talker, like Zach, but he
was enthusiastic.  A few seconds later, he let out a loud sighing moan and
began to pump his juice into my mouth.

     "Oh shit!" he said.  "Did you want that?  I didn't mean to just cum in
your mouth!"  Doug burst out laughing.

     "He was born to swallow cum, buddy.  Fill him full.  We all have, and
Rod is waiting."

     Sam was good for a few more spurts of tasty cum.  He held his cock so
that just the head was in my mouth and finished, covering my tongue with
his salty cum.  I lapped it up with pleasure.  This guy tasted good.  Not
as good as Doug, but I was beginning to suspect that no one would ever
taste as good as Doug.  Finally finished cumming, Sam stood there with his
cock soaking in my mouth.  He was roughly pushed aside by his twin.

     "Stop hogging the cocksucker, brother.  I need to get off too!"  Rod's
jeans were open already and his cock, a match to that of his brother's,
quickly filled my mouth.  He simply stood there, not even moving his hips.
I only took a second to realize what he wanted - the old kneel and bob.  I
began to work my mouth up and down his cock, sucking it for all I was
worth.  Honestly, I was getting tired.  My jaws were aching, but Doug
wanted me to do this and I wanted to taste Rod.  To see if he tasted like
his brother.  Within four or five minutes, Rod was panting and I could tell
he was about to cum.  My skills were paying off with big dividends.  Rod
let loose with a torrent of cum, much more than his brother, but just as
tasty.  As the last spurts went down my throat, he sighed contentedly.

     Sam buttoned up his jeans and plopped down in a lazyboy. "So are we
the chosen few?"

     "No," Doug said.  "Matt will be here in a few."  He looked at his
watch.  "I told him to be here exactly at..."  There was a knock at the
door.  Doug grinned.  "There he is."

     Once again, Josh yelled and confirmed that it was Matt.  He let
himself in and stopped in his tracks after shutting the door.  His eyes
were focused on me.  I would have been embarrassed except that I was
stunned.  Matt was a guy I knew.  I had helped him on several physics
quizzes.  By helping, I mean that I kept my paper in clear view for him.
Shit, with a body like his I would have typed the answers onto his paper if
I could have figured out how.

****************
Author's note:

I guess I have asked for some support in the past and want to thank
everyone who has written.  I know this ends kind of in the middle, but it
was getting too long to be manageable.  Look at it this was - instead of
this being the last chapter, now there will be at least one more.  Anything
comments would be appreciated.  Thanks.

Date: Mon, 24 Dec 2001 12:59:45 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug 16

			     Dominated by Doug

				Chapter 16

				    By

			      Percxyz@aol.com


     "Clay?"  Matt asked, his voice expressing his shock.  "Man!  Doug told
me his cocksucker was a normal looking guy, but I never would have guessed
that it was you."  His face broke into a wide grin.  "So.  You been helping
me with physics cause you wanted to get into my pants?"  I watched as he
rubbed his crotch, a bulge beginning to grow.

     "I wouldn't be surprised if he was," Doug said.  "Ever since I taught
him what his mouth and ass were for, the guy's been a total cock whore."  I
dropped my head, looking at the floor.  I realized that what Doug and Matt
were saying was at least partly true.  I had started sitting near Matt
after my first week or so with Doug because Matt was such a handsome guy
and had a hot body.  I hadn't made a conscious effort to get closer to him,
but looking back I knew that deep in my mind I had wanted to get to know
him in the hopes that something might one day develop.  Of course, I never
expected him to walk through a door in his frat house and find me naked, on
my knees with a raging hardon, surrounded by a group of his frat brothers.
I am sure it was equally obvious that I had already sucked off each of the
guys since they were lounging around the room half dressed, looking
relaxed, and my face must still have been flushed since I was sweating from
the action.  And of course Rod still stood next to me, his cock hanging
near my face in case Matt needed any further proof.

     I looked back up at Matt as he spoke.  "Is that true, Clay?  Have you
been wanting my dick all that time?  Is that why you started sitting next
to me all of a sudden, a month after class started?"

     I decided there was no reason not to be honest.  "I guess so, Matt.  I
had seen you in class before, but after that first time with Doug, I wanted
to get closer to you.  I didn't really think about why I was doing it
though."  All of the guys laughed at that.

     "Well, its been almost two months now, Clay.  You must be dying to get
your hands on my dick.  Or your mouth maybe.  From the looks of that boner
you're sporting, you have been loving whatever the guys have been doing
with you.  What's happened so far?  What'd I miss?"

     The question was directed to me, but I hesitated.  Matt and I had
become friends.  We had gone out drinking and hitting on chicks together
plenty of times and had played one on one basketball a bunch of times.
That was on top of the help I had given him in the library and in his dorm
room with math and physics.  Now I had to tell him what had just taken
place in this room.  I took a deep breath.  "Doug brought me up here a
while ago.  He let Josh fuck my mouth."  I looked at Doug and the
expression on his face told me to continue.  "I swallowed his load before I
even knew his name."  I was just telling the truth as quickly as I could
but all the guys laughed again hearing that and Matt chuckled too.  "Then
they started calling the other guys and I sucked each of them when they got
here."

     "So did you swallow all that cum, Clay?"  Matt asked.  I blushed and
admitted that I had.  "Did you like it?  Do you like actually swallowing
what comes out of another dude's balls?"  I could tell that Matt was
working himself up with these questions, so I gave a full answer.

     "Yeah, Matt, I do.  Ever since Doug shot his first load in my mouth
and made me swallow it, I realized that I liked drinking a guy's cum.  I
even got off on the taste.  I liked sucking the cocks of all your frat
brothers here and loved their hot sperm when it filled my mouth.  What's
best though is seeing how much they liked watching me drink it for them."
Matt's cock was now clearly outlined in his jeans.  Rod was still standing
near me, his jeans open and his cock now only semi-hard.  He stepped back
after this exchange, obviously seeing the same lust in Matt's eyes that I
could see.  Matt was probably the best built guy in the room as far as
musculature, and I could understand Rod wanting to be out of his way.  Doug
was still the handsomest and the most naturally toned and well built, at
least in my eyes.  But Matt had a body that had been sculpted by hours in
the gym.  He could have been an anatomy model for muscles or a model for
any line of clothes.

     As he took a step closer, Doug spoke.  "So, Clay, since you have known
Matt for so long, and have admitted that you are hot for him, have you
jerked off thinking about him?"  I knew of course where this was leading,
but there was no sense in denying it.

     "Yes, Doug.  I thought about Matt a lot of times when I jerked off."

     "Hey, Matt, ever been the star of a fag's fantasies before?" Josh
asked.  Matt laughed along with the others.

     "Probably," Matt replied.  "There are a bunch of guys in the gym who
seem to spend more time staring at me than working out.  I'd bet some of
them are fags.  They probably go home and get their jollies like Clay's
been doing."

     "Well, then, Matt," Doug continued.  "Ol' Clay here owes you."  Doug
looked at me.  "How much do you owe him, Clay?"  I glanced around and could
see that the guys all looked confused, but interested.

     "I would say probably twenty, Sir."  I saw Matt's eyebrows arch when I
called Doug sir, but I was reverting automatically back to what he had
taught me.

     "What the fuck's he talking about, Doug?" Matt asked.

     "Explain," Doug ordered.

     Blushing furiously, I began, "Matt, I...um.. I have used you."  The
words hung in the room in a dead silence. It was a mix of confusion, but I
sensed some hostility from Matt, too. I quickly continued.  "I used you to
make myself cum by imagining you naked and imagining us together.  Me
sucking you and umm, you fucking me.  I have done it and cum probably
twenty times with a picture of you in my mind.  Doug told me that if I use
a guy to make myself cum, then I owe him and have to make him cum an equal
number of times."  I was looking at the floor, but raised my eyes to Matt's
face.  Embarrassed as hell, I said, "So I have to make you cum twenty times
to make us even."  All of the guys howled with laughter, Matt included, and
the hostility in the room disappeared.

     "Twenty times!" Josh said. "Damn, Matt, you are lucky.  I wished he
owed me that many blow jobs.  Let me tell you, he is one of the best
cocksuckers, male or female, that I've ever had go down on me." I looked at
Josh as he turned his face to me. "As a matter of fact, he is better at
giving head than anybody I know.  He took me balls deep without any
trouble.  If he owed me like he owes you, he wouldn't get out of this room
for a week."  Doug and the others chuckled and I heard a variety of
comments about my cocksucking ability and what a whore I was, but my
attention was back on Matt.  He had stepped even closer when I had looked
over at Josh.

     "So, Clay, you gotta make me cum twenty times before we are even.
That sounds good to me.  But there is no way I am gonna be able to cum
twenty times tonight.  Four or five maybe, if you're as good as I'm
hearing.  I guess you'll be paying me back for the next few weeks."  He
grinned again.  "Why don't we start the repayment right now?"

     I watched as Matt grabbed the front of his t-shirt at the waist and
pulled it up, hooking it over his head on the back of his neck.  This gave
me a clear view of his abs and chest.  It looked like every muscle that
could be found in a man's body had been meticulously worked until toned and
hard.  His torso narrowed above his hips, the tight muscles of his waist
and abs standing out as he moved, flexing and tensing.  Then he popped the
button on his jeans and I heard the zipper slide down.  None of these guys
seemed to be the least bit embarrassed about getting naked in front of
their frat brothers.  I figured they had probably all seen each other in
showers or lockers before and it wasn't a big deal, but the thought soon
left my mind.  Matt was wearing white boxers and as I saw them come into
view, I realized that this was literally a dream come true.  I had actually
had dreams about Matt after watching him lift up the front of his shirt to
wipe the sweat off his face during a dozen of our basketball games, each
time giving me a quick view of his tight abs and chest.  Matt let his jeans
fall open, and I admired his slim waist as he pulled down his boxers.

     Matt's hair was a dark brown and his pubes were almost black.  They
were darker than the hairs that dusted his chest across his pecs and down a
center line of his torso.  The base of his cock came into view.  It had
been aimed down his left leg and as the boxers dropped lower, I heard
myself gasp in shock.  Matt's cock was huge.  It probably wasn't as long as
Doug's little brother's, but it was much thicker.  "Beer can" went through
my mind as he hauled it all out into view.  Instead of being intimidated,
though, I found myself leaning forward, ready to get it into my mouth.
Matt laughed and grabbed a fistful of my hair, holding my head back.  With
his other hand, he began to beat my face with his cock.

     "So this is what you've been wanting, boy?  Been making nice to me so
that you could get my cock down your throat?  Well, fags like you need to
be reminded of what you are.  You stay on your knees there while a real man
beats your face with his dick.  Go ahead and open your mouth. Yeah, now
stick out your tongue.  That's right.  You should see yourself, Clay - on
your knees, me beating your face with my big fat cock and surrounded by a
bunch of my frat brothers."  He rubbed his cockhead across my cheeks,
leaving a smear of precum.  "You know that blond haired girl in the row in
front of us in class?  Her name is Julie.  She's a friend of my chick.  She
asked me if I would introduce you to her because she thought you were so
good looking.  I was actually gonna do it for you too. Wonder what she
would think if she could see you now?  Obviously we can see there is no
need for you to meet her.  You've got what you want right here between my
legs."  The smacks and slaps of his cock on my cheeks were audible and in
the background I could hear Sam, Rod and the others egging him on.  They
liked seeing their frat brother dick slapping my face.  "I bet she wouldn't
think you're so good looking with my cock juice smeared all over your nose
and cheeks and your tongue out trying to lap it up."

     I kept my mouth open, enjoying the treatment he was giving me more
than I wanted to admit or show, especially in front of the other frat guys.
I wanted him to beat my face with his dick.  I loved the taste of his juice
each time the head slid across my tongue.  I especially got off on what he
was saying.  I knew the chick he meant.  She was a hot blond haired girl,
nice tits and a pretty face.  Thinking of what her reaction might be to
seeing me on my knees, head held in place by Matt's hand in my hair and his
cock slapping me made me moan in submission and guilty pleasure.

     "Do it to him, Matt.  I've bitch slapped him before but you are the
first to do it today.  The fucker is shameless.  He'll let another dude
beat his face with his cock and jack himself off while it happens.  Drop
your dick, Clay," Doug commanded.  I hadn't even realized that I had begun
to stroke my cock while Matt's dick slapped my cheeks and lips.  I was so
into what he was doing and so turned on that my hand had found its own way
to my cock.  I obeyed Doug's order, of course, and let my hands drop back
to my sides.  As I did, Matt aimed his cock between my lips and began to
shove it in.  I opened my mouth wider and wider, struggling to accommodate
his thickness.  I had thought my jaw had been aching before, but with Matt
it was truly stretched and painful.  But the pain was worth it to have this
stud in my mouth.

     Matt sank his cock into me in a smooth stroke, moving his hips forward
until my nose was pressed into his pubes.  The thick blunt head of his cock
plowed its way into my throat as Matt's hands grabbed my ears.  He pulled
them forward though there was nowhere else for my mouth to go.  I had him
in my throat, which was spasming around the head of his cock and I fought
the choking urge that gripped me.  I let my hands run up his legs as I
heard him sigh with pleasure until they reached his ass cheeks.  I could
feel the muscles flex there as he hauled his cock back out of my mouth.

     "Ahhhh fuck yeah, Clay.  Eat my meat.  Goddam you're good at this."
He thrust back into me.  "Why the fuck weren't you going down on me every
time we finished a ball game, cocksucker?  You can bet that from now on you
will be!  You're gonna be sucking my big prick a lot!  Fuckin' take it boy.
Take my cock!"  Matt was wasting no time in catching up with his frat
brothers.  His hips were ramming his cock in and out of my mouth.  I had
barely managed to get my teeth covered.  I didn't want to scrape this
stud's cock and face him if he was angry.  Right now, the force of his face
fucking and his grip on me felt like it was going to rip my ears off.  The
only consolation was that he was moving so fast that my mouth and throat
were forced to expand to take him.  He gave no thought to my discomfort,
just blowing his load.  His fraternity brothers urged him on to cumming.

     "That's it, buddy," Doug said.  "Fuck my cocksucker's mouth."  I
noticed his possessive statement even through the brutal face fuck I was
getting.

     "Yeah Matt.  Make him take it all the way.  You should see how he
looks with his head forced back and your cock sliding into his face," Zach
said.  "Ram it to that cocksucker!"

     "Oh fuck yeah.  Fuck yeah!  Ahh shit, I'm almost there!" Matt was
nearly yelling and I realized that music was playing in the room.  Matt's
hands on my ears and his and the other guys' comments had covered it.  That
and my attention being focused on the cock pounding into my mouth.  The
music was loud enough to cover the sounds of what was happening to me in
this room full of frat boys.  I ran my hands further up Matt's back, under
his shirt and felt the muscles tense as he pulled his cock out of my mouth.
With a series of moaning grunts, Matt shot his load all over my face, still
holding my head tightly between his hands.  The first spurt hit me across
the forehead.  The next two hit my nose and cheeks, then the final two shot
between my wide open lips.  As I felt Matt's hot cum splattering on my
face, I remembered Doug marking me earlier in the same way, claiming me as
his property.  I wondered if he had known this would happen to me and had
made sure to mark me as his first.

     Matt released my ears, pushing me away from him at the same time.  I
went backwards onto my ass, catching myself with my arms behind me.  Cum
dripped down my face and cheeks, running to my mouth.  I licked it from my
lips and heard the guys hooting with laughter as they watched me do it.
Matt had shot his wad on my face and in my mouth and I was trying to lick
up what hadn't gone straight into me.  I quit licking and let the cum drip
down onto my chin.  The guys obviously found this to be hilarious.

     Sam got up from where he was sitting and gave Matt a high five.  Matt
looked down at me, my face covered with his sperm and smirked.  "Should've
done that to you the first time I saw you."  I just looked at him. "You'd
have let me do it, too, wouldn't ya?  Even covered in sweat after a ball
game, you'd have gone down on me, right?"  I dropped my eyes from his face,
giving him all the answer he needed.  Suddenly I felt a hand gripping my
hair and pulling me upwards.  I rose with it to my feet, my own cock still
rock hard.  Doug was holding me by the hair and kept pulling me up until I
was raised up onto my toes.

     "Watch this, dudes," he said.  Without warning, he ran his other hand
across my right collar bone, then down my chest lightly, tracing the valley
between my pecs to my navel and then to the base of my cock.  I couldn't
help myself.  Still held on my tiptoes by Doug's grip on my hair and with
Doug's other hand no longer even touching me, I shot my load.  My whole
body twitched and jerked as my cock pulsed and shot my load three feet onto
the tile floor in front of me.  I moaned in pure pleasure as I came, full
of cum in my belly and Matt's drying on my face.  Being under the total
physical control of Doug while I came made it all that much better.  Soon,
I was drained and Doug let me sink back down onto my feet.  I probably
would have collapsed back onto my knees, completely drained, but Doug
didn't release my hair.  He turned my head, forcing me to look at him.

     "Come on, Clay.  Time to get you cleaned up for the next round."  He
turned, pulling me behind him.  "Josh, give me a couple minutes to throw
him in the shower.  You all can figure out what order you want while he
gets clean.  I'll be out in a second."

     Doug led me into Josh's bedroom.  As the president of the fraternity,
his room had a private bathroom.  Doug pushed me inside with orders to get
in the shower and wash Matt's sperm off my face.  He told me I had three
minutes.  I turned on the water and adjusted the temperature.  When I
stepped into the spray, Doug had disappeared from the bathroom.  I let the
warm water wash over me, feeling the soreness in my knees, neck and back
from the rough treatment being eased by the warm water.  I shampooed and
soaped up quickly, despite my desire to just stand under the water and let
it soothe my body.  My cock was still hard, even after everything that had
happened.  I had just finished rinsing off when I heard Doug yell for me
from the bedroom.  Turning off the water, I grabbed a towel and dried
myself.  I had no clothes with me in the bath, so I wrapped the towel
around my waist.  My hard cock tented out the cotton, but it was better
than nothing.

     I stepped into the bedroom and was greeted by the sight of Doug
sitting on the edge of the bed.  On either side of him, like matching
bookends, were Sam and Rod.  Sam and Rod were naked and their cocks were
rock hard, jutting upwards.  Doug wore boxers, but I could see he was at
least half hard, too. Inwardly I wondered how I would make it through the
evening, but when Doug spoke, those thoughts left my head.

     "Drop the towel, faggot.  You're here to give us access to every part
of you.  You know what's coming, boy, so don't act stupid."  I pulled at
the towel and it slipped from around my waist.  My cock sprang up, giving
the guys all the evidence they needed that I was hot for them.  Doug stood
up and stepped to me.  He grabbed my hair again, forcing my head back.  I
was surprised when his lips covered mine and his tongue forced its way into
my mouth.  He had kissed me plenty of times while fucking me, but this was
a surprise.  He was doing it with the twin brothers in the room.  He broke
the kiss but kept the grip on my hair making sure my eyes were locked on
his.  "You just remember who you belong to, Clay.  Got that?  My momma
taught me to share, but you are still MY toy!"

     "Yes sir."

     Doug turned and pushed me towards the twins on the bed. "He's all
yours boys."  I stumbled forward and one of the twins grabbed my arm
pulling me forward onto the bed face down.  I heard the door shut and
realized that Doug had left the room.  The twins wasted no time spreading
my legs apart, exposing my hole.  I felt one of them climb onto my back,
his hands on my shoulders, pushing me into the bed.  His hairy shins forced
my legs even wider, then his hands left my back.  He knelt behind me and I
heard him spitting.  Suddenly, the head of his cock was pushing into me.  I
moaned and twisted, trying to accommodate him.  He clamped his hands onto
my shoulders, held me firmly in place and roughly shoved into me.  I felt
his cock punch into me and his body settle onto my back.  I let out a loud
moan of pain as he penetrated me.

     "You like this, dontcha?  You like it up the ass.  You're nice and
tight, boy." He whispered in my ear.  "I'm gonna fill you up at this end
too.  My bro might have been worried at first about cumming in your mouth,
but now we all know that's what you want.  Don't we?" He emphasized this
with a thrust into me.  The warmth and weight of his body on mine, the feel
of his skin rubbing against mine and the heat of his breath in my ear all
had me moaning in pure lust.  The feeling of his cock inside me overwhelmed
me and I didn't resist when his brother climbed onto the bed in front of
me, raised my head, and slid his cock into my mouth.  I knew now from his
comments that Rod was fucking me while I sucked Sam again.

     "Hey bro, it's just like old times," Rod said.  "Just that this time
we're double teaming a dude instead of a chick."  His breath was coming
faster now.  "Remember the first time we shared some pussy?  We musta been
15.  I always liked doing a chick at the same time you did, bro.  Doing a
guy is even better.  Making this faggot suck your dick while I fuck his
pussy is hot!  I can't believe a guy like him would be suck a cock crazy
fag.  Matt tells me he's played basketball with him a bunch of times and
the guy's pretty good.  He said he had no idea that the slut here was after
his body.  Ohhh, fuck, he knows how to use his ass to milk a cock too!"

     "How about we switch," Sam suggested.

     "Sure thing, bro."  The matching frat boys pulled their cocks out of
me and they switched places.  I took Sam's thrust into my ass, his cock
lubed by my own spit as I began to suck his brother's cock clean.

     "What a fucking slut!" Sam said.  "I can't believe a dude would let
two other guys buttfuck and face fuck him at the same time.  What a whore!"
Sam smacked my ass.  "Take it, boy.  You sure as shit ain't no man,
regardless of your muscles.  You're just a boy.  You may have a cock, but
you know that it's your mouth and ass being fucked and filled by real men
that gets you off!"  His talking apparently was making both himself and his
brother hotter because they increased the speed and force of their thrusts
into me.  Soon, I felt Sam stiffen on top of me and he grunted with each
spurt of cum he shot deep inside me.  He rolled off my back and Rod yanked
his cock out of my mouth and mounted me, quickly replacing him.  He shoved
inside me brutally as his brother lay beside us on his back watching.  Rod
slammed into me, shaking the bed with all three of us on it.  Rod put a
hand on the back of my neck squeezing hard.  I continued to stare at Sam as
he watched us, enduring the pain of Rod's fucking and the pressure of his
hand.  Almost immediately, Rod began to shoot, adding his sperm to his
brother's load inside me.  I watched Sam's sweaty chest rising and falling
as he caught his breath and watched his brother fill me with his cum.  I
glanced at his sweaty face and saw the look of superiority on his face as
he watched his twin mix his sperm with his own inside me.

     Rod collapsed onto my back, obviously spent.  He kept his cock plugged
into me as he lay there and I felt him turn his face to look at his
brother.  ""He's got a tight hole, bro," Rod said.  "We're gonna have to
use it again, together, if you get my drift."  A wicked grin crossed Sam's
face and I knew without a doubt what they meant.  They wanted to both fuck
me at the same time.  I was too worn out to make any protest.

     "We'll do it, but not right now," Sam said.  "I know that at least
Matt is waiting for a crack at this fag's pussy."  Sam climbed off the bed
and walked to the door as Rod pulled out of me.  Sam opened the door a
crack.  "Next up!" he shouted.  "Rod and I are gonna get clean."  He shut
the door and the twins disappeared into the bath.  As the shower started,
the door opened and Josh stepped in.  I thought briefly of the other Josh,
Lyle's roomie.  But this Josh I couldn't picture with a cock in his mouth
or up his ass.  He was all arrogant frat boy - superior, cocky and
confident.  I wondered how the other Josh would do if he were in my
situation.

     Josh was wearing his boxers and a white t-shirt.  I was still laying
face down on his bed, and sat up and turned, watching him approach.  His
cock was stiffening, making his boxers tent outward.  I was pleased with
his reaction.  I watched admiringly as he grabbed the bottom of his shirt
and pulled it upwards and over his head.  This action emphasized the
muscles of his chest, abs and arms and they all flexed and bunched while
his body was in motion.  I felt my mouth watering.  Once again I thought
about the transformation that Doug had created in me and wondered if I had
always been attracted to other male bodies, but just didn't realize it.
Josh tossed the shirt to the floor and kept moving towards me, breaking my
line of thought.  As he reached the foot of the bed, he yanked down his
boxers and his cock slapped against his tight abs, snapping upwards.  I
focused on it as he climbed onto the bed with me.

     Josh planted a hand on my chest between my pecs and pushed me back
onto the bed, positioning himself between my legs.  I made no move to stop
him or protest, I was resigned to trying to satisfy these studs no matter
how long it took.  On my back, I looked up at him, watching him as he ran
his eyes up and down my body.  My cock was hard from all of the action that
the twins had gotten.  Seeing Josh, naked and hard, looming over top of me
was an incredibly sexy sight which only made my cock even harder.  I had
already sucked the guy's cock and swallowed his cum, but seeing him above
me like that, in a totally dominant position struck a nerve deep inside me.
Josh grabbed my legs behind my knees and raised them pushing my things
against my chest and bending me in half at the waist.  Josh slid his hands
up my calves to my ankles and gripped them tightly, spreading my legs
widely as he pushed them back even further.  My cock throbbed as this hot
frat boy moved me into the position that was convenient for him to fuck me.
He lowered himself down onto me, his face only inches from mine.  Out eyes
locked and the second they did, he rammed his cock into me.  Even though
the twins had just finished reaming me out, the force of his thrust made me
gasp in pleasure and pain.  I saw a grin spread across his face as he saw
my grimace of pain an listened to my moan.  I could tell he was enjoying
his power over me.

     Josh sank his cock completely into me in that initial push, filling me
with his thick meat.  I groaned deeply in my chest and it felt like the
sound came from where the head of his cock rested inside me, he was up into
me so deeply.  His eyes drilled into mine as his cock drilled into my body.
Josh told me to grab my ankles and released them as I did.  His hands moved
to my chest and I shivered as I felt them run over my skin.  I watched him
fill his lungs with air, the shapely curves and muscles in his torso
expanding as his did so, and I had a second to admire the v-shape of his
chest tapering down to where our bodies were joined.  Then his fingers
found my nipples.  He clamped down hard on them, twisting and pinching them
as he began to pull his cock back out of me.  He didn't stop when only the
head of his dick remained inside of me, but pulled out completely and then
rammed back into me, pulling on my nipples as leverage.  I moaned in a mix
of pain and pleasure, not sure which was eliciting more of a response in
me.  The way Josh was taking control of my body for his own pleasure was
similar to the way Doug treated me and my cock's hardness betrayed my
enjoyment of his rough treatment.

     Josh began to pick up speed, pulling completely out of me each time
and grinning with every moan and groan he forced out of me with his
fucking.  It seemed that he was enjoying my discomfort as much as the
sensations of pleasure coming from his cock.  His hands moved from my chest
to my throat and he gripped it tightly.  It wasn't enough to cut off my air
but our eyes met again and it was clear to us both that we knew he could do
it if he wanted.  He squeezed a bit harder then lowered his face closer to
my own until his lips covered mine.  I was surprised at this and then his
tongue forced its way into my mouth, claiming it the same way his cock had
claimed my ass.  Filled, covered and controlled by this hot frat stud's
body, my own body reacted.  My cock was caught between our abs and was
being rubbed against his silken skin as he brutally thrust in and out of
me.  The force of his fucking, the friction of his body against my cock and
his tongue down my throat were enough to set me off.  The tight grip on my
throat only added to the eroticism.  Apparently Josh realized what was
happening because he suddenly pulled his tongue out of my mouth and raised
his face until it was about eight inches above mine.

     "Do it, faggot!" he ordered.  "Shoot your pussyboy wad while I ream
you out like the slut that you are.  You are such a whore for cock that all
it takes is a hard fuck and you cum without even touching your dick.  You
fucking pussyboy.  You worthless faggot!  You cocksucking, cum swallowing
slut!  Shoot your wad while my dick is up inside you.  I wanna feel your
tight little hole milking my cock while you do it."  I began to shoot
uncontrollably, my whole body tensing.  Josh's cock suddenly felt five
times thicker as my ass clamped down onto it tightly in response to my own
orgasm.  I grunted out a series of moans as my cum jetted up onto my chest.
Josh kept ramming in and out of me, enjoying the extra tightness around his
dick. His hands left my throat and ran across my shoulders and along my
arms, feeling the tight muscles, all flexing together as I came.  I
couldn't stop myself.

     "Oh, fuck.  Oh god!  Fuck me, Josh.  Fuck me harder.  I'm cumming with
your big cock up inside me.  Jesus it feels so good!!!  You are fucking the
cum right out of my balls.  Oh shit it feels great!  Your cock up my ass
feels so fucking incredible!!  Don't ever stop, sir.  Please!  Fuck me
harder."

     "Way to go, bro," I heard from across the room.  I glanced over and
saw the door to the bathroom was open and the twins were standing there,
hair still damp, wearing only their underwear and watching my reaction to
their frat brother's brutal fucking.  "I guess we musta warmed him up a bit
for you, Josh.  Rod and I are definitely gonna have to double team his ass.
I wanna feel him shoot his wad with both our dicks up inside him."  I don't
know if Josh was listening or not, but I heard their plans.  However, I
couldn't respond as Josh let out a loud series of yelps as his cock
expanded inside me, filling me with his hot jock cum.

     Sweat dripping onto me onto me, Josh held himself still, his cock
buried as deeply into me as he could get it.  I watched him closely,
enjoying the look of pleasure on his face, even enjoying the look of
masculine superiority that was evident there as well.  Finally, his body
relaxed and he slowly pulled his cock out of me.  I released my grip on my
ankles and let my legs fall onto the bed on wither side of where he knelt.
I felt completely drained, having been fucked at both ends by the twins,
who I noticed had disappeared out of the bedroom and now having survived
Josh's twisting me into a pretzel and his athletic pounding of my boypussy.
I heard laughter from the other room as Josh climbed off the bed and looked
down at me with a smirk on his face.

     'Well, cunt," he said with a sneer on his face, "I've never seen a
dude actually cum just from getting it up the ass before, and I've fucked a
few of you pussyboys in the past.  Seen some of the brothers do it too and
none of the fags they plugged blew their loads.  You really are the lowest
of the low, bitch.  You get your rocks off with a hard dick up you.  You
are really gonna enjoy what's up next."  I watched him as he walked to the
door and opened it.  "The slut's all yours now, bro," he said to someone in
the outer room, then shut the door.

     He disappeared into the bath as I lay on my back on the bed, too
exhausted to move.  A few seconds later the door opened and Matt stepped
inside.  He looked at me, shaking his head.  He was wearing a t-shirt and
shorts, and his hard cock was obvious.

     "Were's Josh?  In the head?" he asked.

     "Yes, in the shower, I guess."

     "Well, we're waiting until he is done.  I'm not fuckng you while you
are covered in cum and smelling like a fucking cum rag.  When Josh gets out
of the shower, you get in there and get clean, then I will treat you to the
fuck you've been wanting for the last few months."  He sat in a chair near
the window and looked at me.  I couldn't imagine what kind of sight I was.
Cum drying on my chest, covered in a mix of the sweat of Rod, Sam and Josh,
as well as my own and I was filled with their seed.  I felt myself
blushing, something I thought I was long past, but dude in the chair was
someone who was a good friend of mine, with no idea of what Doug had made
me into until tonight.  Soon the shower stopped and a moment later, Josh
stepped out into the bedroom.  He had a towel wrapped around his waist and
I found my eyes drawn to the muscles of his chest, arms and abs.  Even
though I had just cum, the sight of both him and Matt was enough to get my
cock hard again.

     "Get in the shower, faggot," Matt ordered.  Stiffly, I rose and made
my way into the bathroom.  I turned on the water and let the heat soothe my
strained muscles and tendons again, grateful for the chance to get some
relief.  I would have stood under the water for an hour but after a minute
or two, I heard Matt ordering me to finish up and get back out into the
bedroom.  I finished soaping and rinsing and shut off the water.  When I
got back to the bedroom, I was greeted by the sight of Matt completely
naked, laying on his back on the bed.  It was so close to the position I
had been in just moments before that an image flashed through my mind of me
mounting him.  That was dispelled as soon as he spoke.

     "Since you've been waiting it for so long, I figure you can just climb
on and work to earn my cum, boy."  He gripped the base of his cock, which
was lying along his abs and pointed it upwards toward the ceiling.  I knew
what he wanted.  I was to ride his cock and milk the cum out of him.  Sore,
aching and exhausted, I walked to the bed and climbed on, then straddled
Matt's waist.  I raised up high, and felt the head of his cock rubbing
against my bruised hole.  It suddenly lodged there, ready for penetration
and Matt's hands grabbed my waist.  He pulled me down as he thrust his hips
upward and I found myself impaled on his thick cock.  I groaned in pain and
pleasure as Matt's cock stretched me wider than any of the other guy's had
done.  I felt myself settling down as he lowered his hips back to the bed
and I sank down along with them.  My ass was being scratched by his pubes
as I half sat, half squatted over him, filled with his prick.  I watched as
Matt raised his arms over his head, grabbing the headboard.  He gave a
small thrust up into me.  Then he pulled his hands down and rested his head
on his hands.  This showed off his well developed chest even more and I
began to raise up without even being told.

     I rose up the length of his cock, then let gravity pull me back down
his shaft.  My leg muscles ached as I began to move up and down his stiff
spike, working it with my ass, milking it.  Matt just lay there, hands
behind his head, completely relaxed with a cocky grin on his face as sweat
broke out all over my body from the effort of fucking myself on his cock.
My whole body strained as I repeatedly rose up then impaled myself on his
fat prick.  Matt remained a picture of pure relaxation under me as I
sweated and worked.  After about four or five minutes, as the muscles in my
thighs began to tremble from the effort of sluttishly fucking my ass onto
his cock, I began to see signs that Matt was holding back his orgasm,
making me work as long as possible.  His cock was throbbing inside me and I
saw his breathing start to deepen.  I wanted to bring him off, make him cum
inside me and clamped down hard on his dick as I rode it up and down, but
suddenly Matt stopped me by grabbing my hips again and holding me fully
impaled on himself.  I thought he was cumming at first, but he had stopped
just at the edge.  He held me immobile until the urge to cum had receded,
then allowed me to move again.  That thirty seconds had been almost too
much for me and I had to struggle to pull myself up his length again.  Matt
let me struggle for another moment before suddenly rolling me to the side,
onto my back and viciously ramming his cock into me.  It only took him
another twenty or thirty seconds before he announced that he was cumming.

     "Take my cum, faggot.  I am filling your hot little pussy with my
load!  Take it, slut.  Take it all!"  I watched his handsome face as he
shot his load into me, enjoying not only his pleasure, but my ability to
relax for a moment.  Matt finished with me and pulled out abruptly.  He had
cum and had no further need for me.  I lay on the bed, almost unable to
move as he walked to the door, opened it and announced that he was
finished..  He disappeared into the bathroom, shutting the door.  I
remained on the bed, wondering who else planned to fuck me.

     The outer door opened and I expected to see Zach, hard and ready, but
it was Doug who came into the room.  He looked at me appraisingly for a
long moment.  "I should let the whole house have a go at you, but you look
like you've had enough, at least for now.  When Matt gets done, take
another shower, then come out to the front room."  He shut the door behind
him as he left.  Matt was out of the shower in moments, not even looking at
me as he left the bedroom.  I was unsure of what I should say to him, so I
said nothing.  I took my third shower, getting clean quickly and turned off
the water.  When I stepped back into the bedroom, my clothes were on the
bed in a pile.  I pulled them on, my entire body stiff and sore.  Dressed,
I walked out of the bedroom.

     Josh and Doug sat in chairs, talking.  They looked up at me as I
entered.  They were the only two in the room.  Doug nodded toward a chair
and I took a seat, my whole body aching as I settled into the comfortable
chair.  Josh and Doug just looked at me for a minute and I remained silent,
unsure of what to expect next.  Now that I was dressed and just the two of
them remained I figured I was done servicing Doug's frat brothers for the
night, but with Doug, you could never be sure.  Finally, Doug opened a
small refrigerator that I hadn't noticed and started pulling out beers.  He
handed one to Josh and tossed one to me before getting his own.  We all
opened them and took a drink before Doug turned to me.

     "You did well tonight, Clay."  He rubbed his crotch, seemingly
unconsciously and I remembered that he hadn't fucked me so far.  "I knew
you could handle the boys and whatever they wanted to do.  I kinda figured
that Zach would want a go at your pussy too, but he was happy just with the
head.  That is what this discussion is about.  These guys are my brothers.
You are in your own fraternity, so you know what that means.  I want the
best for them and you provided that tonight.  Did you like tonight's
....... activities?"

     I wasn't sure what to say or if Doug wanted me to say something in
particular.  Josh was staring at me too, not with any hostility, but just
seemingly curious.  "Well, it was what you wanted me to do, Doug, so I
enjoyed that.  And the guys were pretty hot, too."  I felt my cock
stiffening.  I would have thought I was too worn out to have any reaction,
but apparently I was wrong.  "I guess that I did enjoy the activities, as
you put it."

     Josh spoke up.  "You sure seemed to like taking it up the ass from me.
You shot your wad while I fucked you."

     Doug laughed.  "Yeah, Clay, you are turning into a first rate cock
slut.  To think you were just another one of the guys until a few months
ago, until I put you on your knees that first time.  I wonder what the guys
in your fraternity would think of that?"

     That question caused me some concern.  My fraternity brothers were all
good friends of mine and while I had to admit that I thought some of them
were pretty hot guys, I wanted to keep this from them and just be another
brother.  If they found out that I was now the cocksucker for the
fraternity that was our main rival on campus, I didn't know what would
happen.  "I don't know, Doug," I finally responded.

     "Well we don't plan on saying anything to them," Doug said, "but Josh
and I have been discussing your future here on campus.  The first semester
will be over in a few more weeks.  We've been thinking that your services
will be a big help until then and next semester too.  You still owe Matt a
lot, and he told me he intends to collect.  What we have decided is that if
any of the guys who were here tonight want to get off, you will do whatever
they ask.  Got it?"

     "Yes sir," I replied simply.  I had long ago given up any resistance
to Doug when it came to sexual matters.  If he decided he wanted me to do
more for his brothers, then I would.  I had submitted too much to make a
stand now and while he had made no threats, I knew that he and Johnny still
had the pictures of me.

     "Well, Josh," Doug said.  "I am taking him back to the dorm.  I think
he has had enough for the moment." Doug stood and I did the same.  "Tell
the twins to call me when they are ready.  I know they want another go at
him."

     "Later, bro," Josh said.  He didn't say anything to me.

     I followed Doug out into the hall and then out of the house.  It was
dark as we walked toward the dorms.  I was still sore, not just my ass, but
all of the muscles in my body.  Sex like that was a major workout.  I was
happy when we reached the dorms.  I began to turn toward the entry that led
to my room, but Doug told me to come with him.  I followed him up the
steps, my eyes taking in his lean form in the light from the street lamps.
We entered his dorm room and Doug flipped his desk chair around and sat on
it.  Johnny walked in from the bedroom, wearing only a pair of white
boxers.  Against his darker skin, they seemed to shine in the lamplight.

     "So what have you two been doing?" Johnny asked.  He settled onto his
own desk chair, the muscles rippling in his chest as he stretched.  He must
have been sleeping when we came in.  I looked to Doug to answer his
question.

     "I was introducing Clay to some of my fraternity brothers," Doug
replied, then grinned.  "I think they pretty much wore him out."

     "Really?  How many of them?"

     "Enough to give Clay a good workout."  Johnny and Doug laughed.

     "Well, I was just about asleep, but I could use a quick blowjob to
settle me down for the night," Johnny said.  He looked over at me.  "You up
for that, boy?  If you are too worn out we can wait until tomorrow."

     I probably would have tried to get out of doing it, but Johnny
actually asking me if I was tired made me feel good and I wanted to make
him happy.  I got up, walked over to him and sank down onto my sore knees
at his feet.  I freed his familiar dark cock from the white cotton boxers
and began to give him the best blowjob I could.  I wanted to please him,
but I was tired as hell and needed rest and sleep.  Johnny rested one hand
on my head as I sucked him.  I played with his balls as I sucked since I
knew that got him off more quickly and was soon rewarded with Johnny's body
tensing and six large spurts of cum in my mouth.  Johnny kept my mouth on
his cock for another minute, then released me.  I stiffly climbed to my
feet and looked at Doug.  I knew he had brought me in here for some of his
own pleasure.  He must have seen that I was hurting.

     "Go on Clay.  Get to your room and get some sleep.  I will fill you in
on the details of what Josh and I are gonna expect from you in the
morning."

     "G'night guys," I said, and went into the bathroom.  Fortunately Seth
had not locked the connecting door to our room.  I stepped inside and
collapsed onto my bed.  With the taste of Johnny's cum still in my mouth, I
fell asleep.

***********************

Author's Note: Thanks to all of you who have written asking when the next
installment of this story would be posted and making suggestions.  I try to
incorporate interesting suggestions while remaining true to the original
story.  Finally, let me know if you want the series to go further.  As I
have said before, if not for the emails I have received wanting more of the
story, I would have ended it long ago.  Please let me know if there are any
parts of the story you like in particular or which you would like to read
more about in the future, be it characters, scenes or whatever.  One last
thing - I would like to know how far these stories reach.  I have gotten
emails from Russia, Spain, England and Australia to name a few.  If you
live outside the US please just let me know which country you are in, if
you are in the US let me know which state.  I would appreciate it.
Date: Sun, 7 Apr 2002 19:59:24 EDT
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug 17

			     Dominated by Doug

				Chapter 17

				    By

			      Percxyz@aol.com

     For the next two days after the night at Doug's fraternity house,
every muscle in my body ached, not to mention other parts of me.  I made it
to my classes, though, and even managed to jerk off twice while reliving my
time with the guys.  Friday evening, the girl I had been seeing called me
for a date, and since I was feeling better, I took her out to dinner and to
see a movie.  We sat in the back row and had our hands all over each other
while the movie played.  Back at her apartment we hit the sheets and while
I enjoyed the time with her, I found myself comparing what I was doing with
my other experiences.  It was when I was thinking of Doug, his hot muscular
body covered in sweat and on top of me as he fucked, that I finally came.
That left me confused.  I wasn't sure what I wanted or who I was sexually,
it seemed.  Shooting my load without Doug's or some other hot man's cock
inside me seemed strange.  The next morning's fuck went about the same.
Enjoyable and stimulating, but my were thoughts of Doug and the other guys
as I fucked the chick and I even found myself using the same type of
strokes that Doug liked best when he fucked me.

     Later in the day, I stuffed all of my dirty laundry into a basket and
headed over to the dorm's laundry room.  Since it was a nice Saturday and
around noon, I had the place to myself.  I fed the machines quarters and
tried to study while they ran.  My thoughts kept going back to the sex with
my girlfriend and the sex with the guys.  I had to readjust my hard on
several times and was glad I was alone.  The sociology book couldn't
compete for my attention with the activities of the last few days, so I
shut it and sat back, closing my eyes.

     I had spent the last night with my chick and fucked her twice.  Both
of us had enjoyed it and I had no difficulty performing.  The thoughts
during sex with the guys and with Doug in particular were kind of normal, I
decided, after the things that had happened to me.  I wondered about
putting a stop to everything I was doing with Doug and his frat brothers,
not to mention Johnny, Lyle, Seth and the other guys.  In the bare laundry
room, the things I had been doing seemed beyond belief and unreal.  As I
folded my laundry, I decided that there would be no more nights at the frat
house, or even with Doug.  I grabbed the laundry basket and went back to my
dorm room.  Seth was there, getting ready to head to the gym for a pick up
basketball game.  I discreetly checked him out as he pulled on shorts and a
tank top, and while I still found him attractive, I decided that I wasn't
lusting after him and figured that was a good sign.  We agreed to meet up
for dinner later that evening and he left.

     I sat down at my desk and forced myself to work through the sociology
chapters.  I was finishing when there was a knock on the bathroom door.  I
yelled an invitation to come in and closed the book.  When I turned around,
Doug stood there watching me.  He wore only a pair of khaki shorts, even
though the weather had started to get colder.  His arms were crossed over
his chest and my eyes involuntarily ran down his body from his eyes, along
his tapering chest and smooth skin of his slim waist where it disappeared
into the khaki shorts he wore.  My eyes slid along the bulge of his crotch,
plainly visible even though he wasn't hard, and then down his muscular
legs.  The leather anklet he wore was still in place and just seeing it
sent a thrill through me.  I realized that my cock was getting hard from
looking at Doug and I looked him in the eye again.  Doug met my gaze
steadily, that sexy smirk I knew so well playing around the corners of his
mouth.

     "So, Clay, got any plans for the afternoon?"

     "Nope.  Just finished the reading that I needed to get through for
Monday, so I am in good shape," I said.

     "Yeah, that you are," Doug replied with a leering glance.  I watched
as his eyes ran up and down my body.  I was pleased with his reaction and
his comment about how I looked, but I took a breath and resolved to tell
him that nothing more was going to happen.  He started to speak before I
had a chance to tell him anything.

     "I was gonna grab a bite down at the Penny.  Just a burger or
something.  Thought you might be hungry.  Wanna come with?"  The question
wasn't what I was expecting and I found myself agreeing.  I was hungry and
it was now afternoon, so why not?  I told him that some food sounded good.
"Great.  I'll get dressed," he said.  "Come on over to my room while I get
ready or just meet me outside in two minutes."

     "I need to lock up, so I'll meet you out front," I replied.  I was
still sporting a pretty hard cock and didn't want to get up and show him
that.  Remembering the way Mike, Doug's little brother, had treated me when
the tow of us had gone to the restaurant did nothing to help my condition,
but I had eaten in there often enough since that through sheer willpower I
figured I could bring my cock under control.  But if I went with Doug to
his room, watching him dressing would test my new resolve in a way that was
more than I was ready to handle.

     Just seeing Doug shirtless, with his muscled chest, his bunched
biceps, smooth skin and tight body had caused an involuntary reaction in me
that didn't jibe with my new resolution to end things with him and the
guys.  Doug just said ok and disappeared.  I threw on a light jacket and
grabbed my keys.  Locking up, I turned and walked out to the sidewalk.  A
minute later, Doug joined me, in jeans and a tight sweater.  It seemed the
sweater was a second skin, molded to the mounds of his pecs and outlining
the muscle of his abs and arms.  I could even see where his nipples, hard
from the cold I assumed, poked at the cotton material.  I suppressed any
reaction and followed him down the sidewalk and across the street to the
Penny, which sat on the corner.

     The Penny catered to the college crowd, of course, and you could get
decent food at cheap prices.  As Doug pushed open the door, memories of
Mike and me again flashed through my mind, but I managed to push them away.
We grabbed a table and sat down.  I was relieved that it wasn't the same
table at which Mike and I had sat.

     "Pitcher of beer?" Doug asked.

     "Yeah, sounds good."

     When the waitress arrived, Doug ordered the beer and told her that we
still needed time to look over the menu.  She left to get the beer and give
us some more time.  I concentrated on the menu options for a minute and
made up my mind by the time she returned.  Doug poured our beers and
ordered a burger while I got a club sandwich.  The eyes of the waitress
spent a long time on Doug in his tight sweater.  I had already noticed how
well it showed off his body and he looked like a million bucks, but then
again he always looked good.  She gave him a smile then gave me one and I
noticed her eyes lingering on me too.  I wasn't the picture of pure
masculine virility that Doug was, at least as far as I was concerned, but I
could hold my own.  I felt my chest swell with pride at her unspoken
compliment.  She announced that the food would be ready in five or ten
minutes and left the table, her eyes taking in the view of Doug one more
time.

     As she left, I realized that we were in an isolated corner of the
restaurant.  It wasn't very crowded to begin with and there was no one
sitting within fifteen feet of us.  I looked up at Doug, suddenly nervous,
but he was watching the figure of the waitress as she walked away and
taking a drink of beer.  Finally he turned back to look at me.  I picked up
my beer and took a swallow, unsure of myself.  I wasn't nervous, but I also
wasn't sure what Doug would want to discuss.  I readied myself to explain
my new position on things, but he asked me about classes and the
conversation drifted around school, sports, how our teams were doing and
general topics.  Doug had always treated me as just one of the guys when we
were in public and he was doing the same today.  As we paid the bill and
left, he told me I should come over to his room at some point to help him.
I agreed, of course.

     On the way back to the dorm, Doug asked me if I had any plans for
later.  I told him that I was going to meet Seth for dinner around 5:30 and
suggested he come along with us.  He readily agreed and told me to call him
when we were ready.  I shut the door to my dorm room and stretched out on
my bed.  I realized that once again Doug had controlled the situation.  I
was fairly certain he wasn't trying to do it on purpose.  It was just Doug
being Doug.  He had a way about him of being a natural leader.  With me it
was maybe more pronounced than with other guys, but in any room, Doug was
usually the one in control just by being himself.

     Doug expected me to follow his suggestions, obey him.  There was
something different between us.  He just seemed to have something inside
him that caused him to take charge.  It had been enough for me not to bring
up my decision about our relationship, a point I had wanted to establish
quickly.  Seth returned not too much later, waking me up from the nap I had
unexpectedly taken.  He was sweaty from his basketball game and his shirt
and shorts clung to him.  I looked away, not trusting myself.  It was now
already 5 pm and almost dinner time.  Seth told me he was going to take a
shower, then we could head over to the cafeteria.  I told him Doug wanted
to come along and that I would call him.

     Doug answered the phone on the second ring and I told him that Seth
was getting cleaned up and we would be ready to go at 5:30.  We agreed to
meet outside the dorm cafeteria.  At the appointed time, Seth and I locked
up our room and Doug and Johnny met us.  We went to the cafeteria and got
as much food as we could since that was the only meal provided on weekends
on our meal cards.  We talked about sports and school again, Seth telling
us about his basketball game as we ate.  We took our time eating and
decided to head to a bar after dinner since none of us had dates for the
night.  That was strange as among the four of us, normally at least Doug
and Johnny, if not Seth would be set up with a girl.  I usually was in that
same group, until the events that had recently transpired with the guys.
About 7:30 we hit the bar and pitchers started disappearing rapidly.  By
midnight we were plastered.

     Laughing and stumbling a bit, we made our way back up the street to
the dorms.  As we reached the entrance, I suddenly got worried that the
guys might be expecting me to provide the final entertainment of the night.
I was readying my speech on my new decision, but Doug and Johnny
disappeared around to their dorm entrance and Seth let us into our room.
The beer had done its job and I was feeling no pain.  I chugged a large
glass of water and was out like a light as soon as I hit the bed.

     The next morning I awoke to a pounding headache.  The water had
helped, but not enough.  I made my way to the bathroom and got rid of the
beer in me and filled myself with some more water.  Doug appeared, looking
like he was hurting too.  He suggested a jog to sweat out the alcohol and I
agreed.  We decided to ask the other guys if they wanted to join us.
Johnny agreed while Seth just sleepily threw a pillow at me and told me to
get out.  Four miles later I was feeling much better.  We had taken a route
that took us by several places to get water which helped dramatically.
Seth was still asleep when I got back to the room.  I tiptoed around,
trying not to disturb him and got my towel and supplies.

     When I went into the bathroom, though, Johnny and Doug were already in
the showers.  I was getting ready to go back to my room when Doug
unexpectedly pulled me into the shower.  I managed to pull my towel from my
waist and hook it on a peg before I was between the two naked studs with
water pouring over me.  They were both laughing as Doug grabbed me by the
shoulder and turned me to face him.  Instead of being pushed to my knees,
something both he and Johnny had done to me in the shower before, I felt
his hand on my head, rubbing in shampoo.  Johnny's hands were on my back,
soaping it.  Before I knew it I was clean and sporting a hard cock, but
Doug just stepped back a bit while Johnny pushed me under the shower head
with a firm hand planted between my shoulder blades.  When the soap was
rinsed off of me, they shut off the water.

     Five minutes later, I was getting dressed in my room when the phone
rang.  I answered quickly, but Seth still moaned at the noise.  It was
Doug, telling me he was ready for me to come over and help him with the
physics problems.  I grabbed my books.

     I went through the bathroom and found the door to Johnny and Doug's
room unlocked.  I knocked and was pushing it open even before I heard one
of them yell for me to enter.  Neither of them was in the bedroom, so I
walked into the main room, where the desks were.  Johnny was sitting at his
desk with his back to me.  He had dressed only in a pair of white boxers,
and his dark skin shone in contrast to the white material.  I stared at his
muscled back for a moment, mesmerized by the color contrast, the movement
of his muscles as he leaned forward to turn a page in his book and the
delineation of his shoulder blades as he stretched.  His boxers had pulled
down enough for me to the see the top of the crack of his ass and I forced
my eyes away.  Doug had turned his chair around and was leaning against the
back looking over his book on the desk, also shirtless.  He twisted in his
chair to look at me.

     Seeing Doug twisted in profile erased most of the resistance and
independence I had been building from my mind.  His pecs stood out above
the flat muscles of his abs.  At this angle his waist seemed no more than a
few inches around.  He inhaled, filling his chest with air and the last
vestiges of my resolve dissipated.  He gave me his characteristic cocky
smirk.  My eyes shot back up from his crotch and abs to his face.

     "So, Clay.  How you feeling?  Thanks for coming over to help out with
my physical problems."

     I wasn't sure if the slip was a joke, a Freudian slip or just a
mistake until I thought I heard a slight chuckle from Johnny.  I glanced at
him and it looked like he was laughing, but he hid it well enough that I
couldn't say for sure.  I decided to try to claim the upper ground.

     "Yeah, physics is a bitch," I said nonchalantly.  "I read over the
problems you told me about though, Doug, and I have a pretty good handle on
them.  You ready to study a bit?"  I saw Johnny swivel in his chair to look
at me and was turned on by the profile of his bare chest too.  His skin was
darker that Doug's, but he was no less sexy and attractive.  The bunched
muscles in his arms and chest had me fighting my own stiffening cock,
trying not to let it betray me, but the sight of these two nearly naked
studs, just a few feet apart was more than I could handle.  My cock grew
fully hard in my shorts, a fact that was lost on neither of them.

     Doug picked up his chair, spun it around it was facing the desk
properly, and sat back down on it again, facing me.  His legs were spread
to accommodate the back of the chair on which he rested his arms.  I could
see through the slats that he was starting to get hard.  Johnny then turned
his chair around and leaned back.  I could see he too, was throwing wood.
As much as I had determined to put an end to any further activity with
these two studs, it collapsed at the sight of their smooth skin and barely
clothed muscular bodies.  I simply stood there, my own cock blatantly
obvious, waiting to see what would happen.

     Doug cleared his throat and I turned my attention from the dark
skinned Latino stud to the man who had taken my cherries and taught me how
to suck his cock, among so many other things.  The sexy grin was on his
face, showing off his perfect white teeth.  I watched as his eyes traveled
down my body and then back up to my eyes.  When our gazes locked, he spoke.
"Seems to me that ol' Clay here looks a little warm, Johnny.  Whaddya
think?"

     "Definitely, Doug.  He needs to strip off all those clothes and cool
off a bit."

     I began to obey, but then stopped.  I tried one last shot at
independence.  I looked at Doug.  "Doug, listen.  I just...  I can't...
This can't keep..."  I didn't know what to say, but Doug apparently caught
my meaning.

     "You think that you aren't gonna do just what we say anymore?  More
importantly, what I say?  Is that it?  You think you aren't gonna get on
your knees and suck the cum out of my balls?  Drain Johnny's?  You think
that you are man enough to say no to us?"  Doug laughed.  "Well, Clay, I
wondered if there was ever gonna be even a bit of rebellion from you.  I
was beginning to think that you didn't have any backbone at all.  It is
good to see that you do.  A guy built like you should have some spine, but
that doesn't change the one primary fact, now does it?" he asked.

     I looked at him, confused by what he was saying, but not knowing how
to reply.  Finally, I asked, "What fact?"

     Doug's face broke into a broad grin.  "The fact that you like sucking
cocks, Clay.  You love getting on your knees and opening your mouth.  You
get off on being fucked by a man.  You especially get off on my cock and
Johnny here has filled me in on some of your activities with him when I
wasn't present.  You get your jollies by doing whatever it takes to make
men cum, but you specially love my cock.  No sense trying to deny it.
Johnny and I have both watched you shoot your wad too many times for that.
Hell, both of us have felt the way your tight little hole clamps down hard
on our cocks when you cum while getting fucked."  He looked at me with a
smug look of satisfaction on his face at my inability to deny what he was
saying.

     "I know something else, too.  You like being made to feel like you are
forced to do all the nasty things that you do.  Half of what gets you so
turned on is being made to obey orders from a man like me a real man who
knows what his cock is for and uses it.  Someone like me who can put his
cock in a pussyboy like you, fuck you into submission and make you like it.
So quit trying to deny it and STRIP!"  The tone of command cut through me
and I pulled off my shirt, then kicked off my loafers and slid out of my
jeans.  Johnny stopped me while I was still wearing my boxers.

     "That's enough for now, boy," he said.  "We don't need to see your
dick.  You might get off on seeing cock, among other things, but I don't."
He and Doug chuckled.  "Your mouth is available and that's where we plan to
start.  You can keep the rest covered until we decide it's time to plug
your pussy."

     Hearing Johnny and Doug talking this way about me had two effects.
First, while I had thought I was beyond embarrassment, at least in front of
them, I found I was wrong.  I could feel the flush in my cheeks as I
blushed.  Second, I found my cock as hard as it had ever been in my life
and realized that I did like their dominant, even arrogant, attitudes and
the way they expected my obedience.  The phrase "fuck you into submission"
kept bouncing around inside my head.  That was exactly what Doug had
originally done to me.  After that first time with him, after his first
fucking of my mouth and then my ass, so painful at first, I had willingly
submitted to anything he desired.  I realized he was right, though.  I got
a thrill from the way he took control of me.

     "Get on your knees," Johnny ordered.  I dropped to my knees on the
hard tile floor in the middle of the room and watched as they exchanged
smug grins of superiority.  "You thinking what I'm thinking?" Johnny asked
Doug.

     "If it's what we talked about the other day, hell yes."  I watched as
Doug stood, involuntarily admiring the way he moved, the way the muscles
tensed and relaxed in his body under his smooth tight skin.  Doug walked to
his closet, rummaged for a few second then turned to me with a short piece
of thin leather in his hands.  It looked like the lace from a boot.  He
moved forward until he stood in front of me, only inches away.  I couldn't
tear my eyes away from his crotch and his cock, now hard and clearly
outlined in the material of his shorts.  Then he stepped behind me.

     I looked over at Johnny, who had leaned back in his chair and spread
his legs wide.  He began to rub the sizable bulge he was now sporting
through his boxers.  Doug grabbed my wrists and looped the leather strap
around them, tying my hands behind me.  I felt a sexual thrill run through
me as he tightened the knot.  Doug was more right than I had realized.
Just giving up complete control to him like this was almost enough to make
me cum.

     Doug moved back in front of me and told me to open his shorts.  Using
my teeth, I got the button undone and then the zipper.  I heard Johnny
laughing at me as I worked.  Finally the shorts fell to his ankles and he
kicked them away.  I used my teeth to grip the band of his striped boxers
and pulled them down.  Doug's big cock slid up the left side of my face
when it popped free.  I managed to pull his boxers down to his knees until
they too fell to his ankles.  I raised up, straightening my back, and Doug
began to slap my face with his cock, at first just moving his hips to do
it, then grabbing the base of his cock with his hand and slapping me with
more force.  He was leaking loads of precum and I felt it coating my lips,
cheeks, forehead and chin as his cock beat my face.  The only sound in the
room was our breathing and the smacks of his cock against my face.

     "You ever met such a fucking slut?" Doug asked.  "He just kneels there
and lets another guy beat his face with his cock What a fag!"  I heard the
scrape of a chair move and suddenly Johnny was standing next to Doug.  He
dropped his own shorts and soon his cock was beating my face with Doug's.
I took the abuse and watched as their cocks slapped together now and then
as they did it.  The sight was so sexy and the feeling of their cocks
against my cheeks, I thought I would cum.  I moaned as Johnny's cock ran
across my lips and I licked my lips.  He tasted salty and good.  Doug did
the same next and I tasted him again too.  I realized that Doug was right.
While Johnny's cock was great, it was Doug's that ruled my life.  I wanted
him, his cock and his cum.  He had fucked me into submission, both
physically and mentally, and my hard cock proved it.

     "Stick out your tongue," Doug ordered.  I obeyed and soon could taste
the precum of both studs as their cockheads slid across it.  I lapped at
their dicks, trying to get more of their salty juice onto my tongue.  As I
did it, I knew that all of my posturing, my defiance and the stand I
planned to make was nothing more than a dream.  It was something I had
conjured in my mind.  I wanted to be where I was, doing what I was doing.
As much as I hated to admit it even in my mind, I liked being the
cocksucker for these two men.  I wanted them to use my mouth to get off.  I
wanted them to use my body in any way that would make them feel good, make
them cum.  Even though I wasn't aware of their plans at the time, I doubt I
would have resisted or complained even if I had known.

     Doug was the first to grab my head and turn it towards him.  This gave
him perfect access into my mouth and throat and he immediately speared me.
I felt his thick inches pumping into my gullet, stretching it, scraping
along as he made himself at home inside me.  Doug used his hands to tip my
head back and I was able to look up his lean body and meet his eyes.  The
smile on his face was one I had seen many times before, a combination of
lust, amusement, derision and superiority.  He was using another guy's
mouth, my mouth, as a place to shoot his load and the arrogance on his face
just made me hornier.  To my surprise, within just a minute or so, he let
out a loud moan from deep in his chest and pumped his seed into my mouth.
I swallowed it, not really as much because he expected me to, but because I
wanted more of him inside me.  After all the loads I had sucked from his
balls, I knew I had swallowed billions of his sperm, but I still wanted
more.  I realized he was right.  I loved being speared with his cock, more
than any other guy's.  Part of it was that he was the first, but more
important was that he was Doug. Swallowing his cum made me more like him, I
felt.

     Doug let out a long shuddering breath and pulled his hips back.  His
cock slid from my mouth, still mostly hard.  Johnny wasted no time, turning
my head towards his crotch and taking the place that Doug had just vacated.
He immediately began a rough face fuck.  I was choking on his cock as he
drove it deep into my throat, then yanked it back out of my head.  He too
only lasted a minute or so before I tasted his hot, salty seed on my
tongue.  His body twitched and spasmed as he came and looking up at his
face, I saw he had his eyes shut and a look of pure contentment on his
face.  I was proud to be the one who had been able to put that look there.
Soon he pulled his cock free, leaving me with my mouth hanging open and
gasping for breath, the taste and smell of both studs' semen filling my
senses.

     Johnny reached out and grabbed me by the hair.  He pulled up and I
followed until I was on my feet.  Johnny stepped around in front of me and
looked me up and down.  I couldn't help myself and looked over his muscular
body too.  He gave a snorting laugh.

     "Look at you, fag.  You got swollen lips, cum on your chin, your hands
tied behind your back and your cock is as hard as mine was just before I
shot my load down your throat!"  He laughed again and began to walk to the
bedroom.  Since he hadn't released his grip on my hair, I had no choice but
to follow him.  He looked over at Doug, who had also come into the bedroom.
"We hadn't discussed exact arrangements.  You want top or bottom?"

     This had me confused.  Johnny be a bottom?  Or Doug!?  I couldn't
believe what I was hearing.  "I'm on top," Doug said.

     "That figures," I thought.  Then he said something cryptic.  "I wanna
be the one to make this stretch too."

     "Fair enough.  Your fag," Johnny told him.  Though I knew this
involved me, a picture of Doug, blond hair flashing and smooth white skin,
on top of Johnny, his dark skin shining with sweat flashed in my mind.
Johnny released me and I watched, almost breathless as he lay down on his
bed, on his back.  His cock was hard, and still wet with my spit and some
of his cum.  I had a brief flash of one other time he had been close to
this position.  He had gotten on his back for a rim job.  Instead of
spreading his legs though, he kept them together.  I felt Doug grip my
shoulder and guide me forward, onto the bed.  Just that contact was
electric and I awkwardly climbed onto the bed, unable to use my hands.
Doug held me up, but guided me around until I found myself straddling
Johnny on my knees, over his tight, trim abdomen.  I watched as he slid his
hand down under me and I felt the head of his cock probing against my ass.
He lined himself up and announced to Doug that he was ready.

     Doug's hands were suddenly on my shoulders and he roughly to push me
downward.  Johnny's cock was still covered with my spit which helped.  I
felt it stretching me and then sliding inside.  Doug used brute force to
impale me on his roommate's cock.  I watched Johnny moan in pleasure
beneath me, eyes closed.  For a moment no one moved, then Johnny's eyes
flew open and he reached upwards.  Wrapping his arms around me, he pulled
me downward until our chests were pressed together.  At the same time, he
pushed me down his body and thrust his hips upward until his cheek was
against mine and I was fully impaled on his cock.  I had never been held so
closely by Johnny and rubbed my cheeks against his, feeling the stubble on
his chin and cheeks.  His breath was hot in my ear as he held me in place.
It was one of the most intimate moments I had ever had with him.  I felt
him lowering his hips, pulling his cock partway out of me, then further
until the head barely remain inside me.

     Then to my surprise I felt the bed move as Doug climbed onto it behind
me.  He moved on top of me, climbing onto my back.  I was sandwiched
between these two jocks, still not understanding exactly what was
happening.  It felt good to have Doug's body pressed close against mine and
on top of me with Johnny under but also inside me.  The contact was like an
electric current flowing through me.  I moaned into Johnny's ear and let my
tongue slide into it.  I had never had a chance to do anything like this
with him before.

     While Doug would kiss me if we were in the right position, Johnny
never seemed to get involved beyond putting his cock in me.  I let my
tongue roam his ear and heard him moan.  I started to smile in pleasure
when I suddenly felt Doug move in closer.  I started to panic, but Doug
just grabbed my wrists, still tied behind me, and moved into place with his
cock against my ass.  I pulled my head upwards and looked down at Johnny.
His was wearing a wicked grin, his white teeth showing in the dark skin of
his handsome face.  I felt Doug's cockhead lodge against my hole.

     "This is gonna hurt, Clay, but that's life, at least for pussyboys
like you.  Johnny and I are gonna love it," Doug said.  "Now just try to
relax and it'll go a lot more easily. You should know that much already."
Doug began to push forward and I could do nothing to stop it.  I was caught
between them, my wrists bound behind me, and they both were going to fuck
me at the same time!  I twisted between them for a moment, trying to slide
free as Doug pushed in deeper, but realized that not only was it useless,
my movement was just helping him.  I froze.

     "That's better, pussyboy," Doug said.  "Just let me in and you'll be
fine.  You're gonna love this!"  He sounded enthusiastic, but as he pushed
forward more and more, the pain increased.  While I had taken a lot of
guys' cocks recently, most all of them friends of Doug's, this was more
than anything I had tried to accommodate.  Finally, I felt the head of
Doug's cock move into me, my hole stretching more than I would have thought
possible.  I groaned in pain, the stretch being almost more I could take,
but he was inside.  Doug held still while my groaning continued.  Through
the tears in my eyes I could see Johnny looking past me with a big grin on
his face.

     "Damn! That feels fucking incredible!" Johnny said.

     "Hell yes.  How's our pussyboy doing?"  Doug asked.

     Johnny looked at my face.  "Well, he's got tears in his eyes and looks
like he's hurting, but his cock is gonna poke through my abs, bro!"

     "I knew he would love it.  What a fucking pussy!  He is just a hole.
You hear that Clay?  You are a hole.  I'm glad we found out why you were
put on this earth.  You were born to be a pussy for real men like me and
Johnny."  I could do nothing but groan again.  The feeling of both of them
in me was almost too much to bear.  Still, they both remained unmoving and
I felt myself beginning to adjust.  It was just the slightest relaxation of
my hole around the two men's cocks inside me, but they must have noticed
some change too.  With one smooth stroke, they slid the rest of their cocks
forward so that they both were cock to cock inside me.

     My breathing was ragged as I tried to adjust to this new invasion.  In
all the experiences I had with other guys, nothing had prepared me for
this.  I was amazed that Johnny and Doug hadn't ripped me open.  They gave
me about another minute or so to adjust.

     "I'm ready to fuck this faggot, buddy," Johnny said.  "How about you?"

     "Fuck yes!  Let's do it, man!  Never felt another guy's rod against
mine like this."  With that he pulled back slowly and then rammed into me.
I groaned and underneath me Johnny moaned in ecstasy.

     "Hell yeah!" Johnny said.  I thought they would fuck in some type of
rhythm, working together, but they didn't.  Doug had already established
his tempo, long and fast strokes deep into me.  Johnny began to fuck up
into me at a completely different pace.  He used short jabs, working his
cock deeper and deeper into me with them, then slowly working his cock back
out in another series of jabs.  I felt like my inside were being ripped out
and rammed in at the same time.  My mind was spinning from the sensations,
unable to process the information.  I had never felt so used before in all
my experiences with guys.  Each of these men was using my hole however felt
best to him, but they were both doing it to me at the same time.

     "Oh! Oh fucking christ!  What...Oh god!"  That was all I could manage
and heard both of them laugh at me.  They began to fuck even harder,
apparently enjoying my discomfort.  I couldn't even keep my body under
control.  Still bound at the wrists and held by Johnny against his chest, I
was lost in both the pain and pleasure of having two men fucking my ass at
the same time.  Both guys kept fucking, their cocks working in and out of
me.  First Doug would be pounding hard, then suddenly it would be Johnny
ramming deep and fast into me.  I realized that they were now playing off
each other.  I was just a convenient hole that they could both use.

     Sweat covered my body and I realized it wasn't only mine. Doug was
dripping onto me and my chest slipped and slid against Johnny's beneath me
as the force of their fucking moved my body back and forth.  I felt
Johnny's hand grab the hair on the back of my head and pull it upwards
until I was looking at him, eye to eye.  Suddenly he pushed my head down,
our lips meeting.  Johnny's tongue slid between my lips, exploring my mouth
even as his cock explored my ass with Doug's.  I couldn't believe this
dark, sultry stud was kissing me.  I had actually dreamed about kissing
this handsome jock, but never expected it to happen.  That combined with
the feeling of both studs fucking me was too much and I moaned as my cum
spurted onto Johnny's belly between us.

     Johnny's tongue slid past my teeth and into my mouth.  I felt the
stubble on his chin and cheeks rubbing against my face again as we moved
together on the bed.  Doug was pounding me harder and I could feel his hot
breath on my neck.  I could tell he was getting close.  Even Doug couldn't
last long while fucking against another guy's cock, apparently.  Johnny
tensed underneath me and broke the kiss.  Looking up at me, he grabbed me
tightly and thrust upwards, impaling me on his cock.  With a long moan and
a series of twitches, Johnny began to cum.  I watched his teeth clench as
he pumped his seed into me.

     Suddenly Doug grabbed me by the hair and pulled my head back.  He
wrapped his arm around my throat and squeezed as he fucked into me.  "Oh
fuck, John!  I can feel you shooting your load," Doug said.  He drove in
and out a few more times before he too began to cum.  "Ahhh yeah, boy.
Take my fucking cum.  Take it!!"

     I looked again at Johnny.  He was panting and moaning.  Doug's arm
tightened as he came and for a second my air was cut off, then he finished
shooting and relaxed.  I felt him collapse onto my back.  Both guys were
still inside me, but I could feel them beginning to soften.  I could feel
Doug's heart pounding in his chest on my back and we moved slightly each
time Johnny took a breath.  After a few seconds, Doug pulled his cock out
of me.  I felt him climb off the bed, then his hands at my wrists, untying
them.  Johnny's cock was still inside me, so when my hands were free, I
pushed up from where I lay on Johnny's chest and looked down at him.
Johnny gave me a grin and began to hump up into me, his cock getting
harder.

     "I'm not finished with you yet, faggot."  He sat up suddenly and then
somehow rolled on forward until I was on my back with my feet in the air.
I heard Doug let out a laugh as he watched the move.  Johnny began a slow
stroke inside me.  His face was just a few inches above mine and a drop of
sweat fell from his chin onto my lips.  I licked it up and he grinned.  He
began to fuck harder.  "Keep it tight, boy!"

     I clamped down on his cock as much as I could.  His cock rammed into
me easily, lubed by both his own cum and Doug's.  I wrapped my legs around
his back and he seemed to like that.  He let his lips cover mine and once
again I had his tongue in my mouth while his cock was up my ass.  Johnny
was a muscular, athletic guy and he set about proving it.  He rammed his
cock into me repeatedly.  The whole bed shook with the force of his
fucking.  I was groaning into his mouth as he ground his hips into me, his
cock stabbing in all directions inside me.  He pulled his mouth off mine.

     "You like that, don't ya, boy?"

     "Oh, fuck yeah!"  He grinned at me again.

     "You're such a pussy, Clay.  Such a fucking pussy."  He pulled his
hips back then rammed his cock into me again.  "You fucking fag!  Take my
dick!  Oh fuck yeah!  I'm fucking you faggot.  Fucking take my cock!  I'm
gonna cum in you again, boy.  Gonna fucking cum!"  He pounded even harder,
fucking me furiously while he came.  Finally, he finished shooting and
stopped moving.  He was breathing hard, sweat covering his dark skin.  I
was worn out and sore.  Johnny pulled his cock out of me and sat back
against the head of the bed.  He looked at me as I lowered my legs.

     "You shot your wad on me, Clay.  Clean it off."

     Stiff and sore, I moved around until I was facing him.  On my hands
and knees between his outstretched legs I leaned forward and licked my cum,
along with Johnny's sweat from his abs.  He just laid there contentedly,
letting me work on him for a moment, before I felt his hand on the back of
my head.  He pushed me down to his cock and I sucked him clean, tasting his
cum and Doug's mixed together.  Finally he was satisfied and pushed my head
away.  I leaned back and looked at him.  His brown skin still shone with
sweat.  The black hairs that sprouted in a line down from his navel were
matted down from where I had licked them clean.  His chest expanded as he
took a deep breath and I felt my cock stirring in response.  I looked up to
his face.

     "Listen, Clay.  I know you like getting fucked.  You like sucking cock
too.  If I mounted you again, you would just take it and let me cum in you.
Doug trained you that way.  Personally, I didn't believe him when he told
me how he had fucked you that first time.  You didn't look like a fag to
me, but you proved everything he said was true.  What I don't get is how
you get off on it so much.  You shot your wad on me while Doug and I were
fucking your brains out.  What kind of man does that?  I guess you really
are a pussyboy."  He suddenly stood up.  "I'm gonna take a shower too.
Strip the bed and put new sheets on it.  Then you can take a shower too."
He gave me a look of superiority.  "If you are good, maybe Doug and I will
feed you some more of our juice."

     I watched as he grabbed a towel and disappeared into the bathroom.  I
heard water running and realized that Doug was already showering.  I slowly
pulled off the sheets and made up Johnny's bed.  As I was finishing, Doug
came back into the room.  He was naked, with his towel draped over his
shoulder.  I watched him for a moment, taking in the way his body moved,
his muscles flexed, then went in to the bathroom.  Johnny was shampooing
his hair as I turned on the shower head next to him.  I stepped under the
spray and enjoyed the feel of the hot water on my skin.  I quickly washed
my hair and cleaned up.  Johnny turned off his shower and left me alone.  I
finished rinsing off and shut off my own shower.  As I was toweling dry I
heard Doug yell for me.

     I wrapped my towel around my waist as I went into their room.  Doug
was laying on his bed, still naked.  He looked up at me as I walked in and
grinned.  "I just got off the phone, Clay.  The twins want a shot at you.
I told them no problem.  They will be here about six this evening.  Now
that you've done it once, I'm sure you can do it again."  His grin got
wider.

     "You mean they want to...um..well..."  I trailed off.  I couldn't say
it.

     "They wanna fuck you at the same time.  Like Johnny and I just did,"
Doug supplied for me.  Johnny walked in from the other room, wearing boxer
shorts.  He just stared at me.  "I told them it was no problem.  That you
loved it.  They've done chicks together, but never both done it to a guy
like you at the same time.  So be in here ten minutes before six.  You got
it?"  I looked at Johnny and saw he was waiting to see what my reaction
would be.  I hesitated for a second.

     "Listen, Clay," Doug said.  I looked back to him.  He reached down and
grabbed his cock.  "You want this again, dontcha?"  I just nodded my head.
"Then you'll be here when I told you to be here.  I plan to have it down
your throat while the twins do their thing."

     "Yes sir," I replied.

     Johnny just shook his head in disgust, flashed a knowing grin at Doug
and went to his desk.  I went back to my room, climbed onto my bed and
slowly jerked off, my thoughts flashing from Doug's body and cock, to
Johnny's to memories of the twins.  Regardless of my earlier resolve, I
knew that I was Doug's.  I would do whatever he wanted.

*********************

Note: I plan to end the story here.  If inspiration strikes (and I get the
time), I may write up the detail of Clay taking on all three guys, but have
no plans to do so at this point.  Thanks for all the support from all those
who have written.  I still plan to add to some of my other stories (all
posted on Nifty), so hopefully they will meet with your approval.
Date: Tue, 3 Feb 2004 20:25:53 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug - Chapter 18

                        Dominated by Doug

                            Chapter 18

                                by

                         Percxyz@aol.com


     When Doug called me I was doing some homework.  He told me to come to
his room and to be there in thirty minutes.  I was to enter through the
bathroom and not make any noise when I opened the door to his room.  Doug
told me to lock the door behind me and to wear nothing but a pair of
shorts.  He didn't explain anything more to me, but being Doug, he didn't
have to.  He knew I would do as I was ordered.

     I waited the thirty minutes with my hard cock straining in the pair of
shorts I had put on for Doug.  My book lay on the desk, untouched since
Doug had called.  Further studying had been impossible after Doug's call.
The weather had turned from fall to winter and sitting there shirtless, the
cold had my nipples hard.  I found myself playing with them, even pinching
them, the way Doug liked to do when he was fucking me.  Finally, the thirty
minutes had passed and I shut the book.  I got up, went through the
bathroom and carefully eased open the door to Doug's room.  I stepped
inside and quickly locked the door behind me.  I couldn't see into the main
room where Johnny and Doug kept their desks, but I could hear a low moan of
pleasure coming from that direction.  I recognized Doug's voice
immediately.  As I took a few steps closer to the other room, I could hear
the distinctive sound of somebody sucking cock.  I felt a stab of jealousy
as I looked around the corner.

     Doug was seated on his desk chair which he had turned around to face
the center of the bedroom.  He was wearing nothing but a white t-shirt
which fit his chest snugly.  His legs were spread and between them, on his
knees, was a blond guy, his head bobbing up and down on Doug's thick cock.
The guy was completely naked and I found myself admiring the muscle
definition in his shoulders and back as he worked on Doug's meat.  His own
balls were hanging low beneath the muscular mounds of his beautiful ass
since his knees were spread on the tile floor.  I watched them bounce as he
beat his own meat while sucking Doug.

     I looked up as Doug rested a hand on the top of the guy's head, then
again let my gaze drink in the sight of the muscled stud sucking Doug's
cock.  The guy's shoulder blades stood out from the position of his hands
on Doug's thighs and the movement of his body as he worked to suck Doug's
rod.  The muscles in his forearms stood out, pushing the veins beneath the
skin to prominence.  His biceps flexed and relaxed as he used his arms to
assist in his blowjob technique and I found myself impressed at the size of
his guns.  He looked like he must be able to bench press an elephant, but
his muscles looked natural and proportionate, not over blown.  His broad
shoulders tapered down to the small of his back and my eyes followed his
spine, clearly defined down the center, to where his body widened again,
beautifully forming his muscled butt.  His ass was two perfect smooth
globes and I wondered for a second what it would be like to fuck him, to
slide my cock into the hole I couldn't quite see.  I had yet to get my cock
into another guy's ass.  I took a step further into the room and to the
side, getting a better look at the stud.  His chest was well built, muscles
bulging in all the right places.  Then I looked up and Doug caught my eye.
He gave me a wink.

     Doug's fingers flexed on the top of the guy's head, holding his mouth
on his cock.  "So, Clay," Doug said casually, "This is Shane.  He'd say
hello, but he's got his mouth full right now."  Shane acted as if he had
touched a live wire and immediately began to struggle, trying to pull his
mouth off Doug's cock, though by now I had already had a long look at him
in this compromising position..  Finally, Doug relented and let Shane's
head loose.  Shane immediately pulled up and there was a wet popping noise
as Doug's cock sprang free of his mouth.

     "What the fuck!  You told me that no one would ever find out about
this..." Shane began, angrily, but Doug cut him off as Shane turned to look
at me.

     "Quit whining, Shane.  You've sucked my cock, what, twice?  Big deal.
Clay here has swallowed more of my loads than you can count.  So just
relax."

     I was staring at the muscled stud on his knees in front of me.  While
he had blond hair like Doug's, it was cut fairly short and tousled from
Doug's hands on his head.  He had piercing blue eyes set in an incredibly
handsome face with a strong jawline.  I couldn't believe that a guy as hot
looking as Shane was on his knees giving Doug head, but then I remembered
that I did the same thing for Doug and had always been included in the
"jock" group in high school and here at college and before Doug had bedded
more than my fair share of chicks.  Shane's lips were slightly red and
puffy from the friction of Doug's cock against them.  He also had about two
days worth of stubble on his face which made him look even sexier to me.
His cock was standing straight up, throbbing and about six and a half to
seven inches long.  He had stopped stroking it, but he was obviously still
excited even though he had a worried and angry look on his face.

     "Shane, I'd like you to meet Clay, my personal cocksucking, ass
licking, pussy boy."  I felt myself go beet red with embarrassment at this
description, but made no effort to stop or correct Doug.  Even in his own
compromised position, Shane's face lit up with a little grin.

     "Damn," Shane said.  "You mean he takes it up the ass, too?"

     "He sure as hell does.  And he absolutely loves it.  You know my
roommate Johnny, right?"

     "Yeah, sure."

     "Well, ol' Clay here took both my cock and Johnny's up his tight
little pussy at the same time."

     "No way!"

     "I swear it.  Clay here was a straight enough kinda guy, or at least
pretended to be, until I caught him eyeing me a little too openly one day.
Once I found out he was a fag, it took less than a day to pop both his
cherries."

     "Man, Doug, I'd love to get a crack at his ass!  I've always wanted to
put my dick to a guy, but never had the chance."

     "Yeah, I know, you are too busy sucking guys to fuck them," Doug said
with a laugh.  Shane blushed for a moment and an angry look appeared again
on his face, but then died away.  I could almost see the thoughts running
through his head.  How could he protest?  Then a determined look appeared
in his eyes and he gave it a try.

     "That's not true.  I've only sucked you and one other guy.  I've never
had the chance to do anything more."  He suddenly realized how that had
sounded.  "Anything more like fuck another guy or get blown, that is," he
amended.

     "Yeah?  Well you're learning pretty quickly.  You told me you didn't
swallow, remember?  But you took my load the other day right down your
throat like a good little cocksucker.  If you do a good job on me, maybe
I'll let you use Clay's holes."  Doug looked up at me.  "Clay, why don't
you help him."

     I stripped off my shorts and saw Shane's eyes fasten on to my cock for
a second before Doug forcibly turned his head back to his hard cock.  As I
dropped to my knees next to the sexy blond, I could feel the heat from his
body.  I pressed against him some as I leaned in to take Doug's balls into
my mouth while Shane worked his shaft.  It looked to me like Shane was
either a very fast learner or he had more experience than he was admitting.
He couldn't take Doug's length all the way, but he was getting a
respectable three quarters of it in his mouth.  I felt Doug's hand in my
hair pulling me upwards.  I could see that Doug had pulled Shane's mouth
off his cock.
     "Why don't you boys play nice and kiss."  He began to push our faces
together and just as our lips were about to meet, slid his thick cock
between them.  My tongue lapped at the precum oozing from Doug's slit and
dueled with Shane's tongue at the same time.  I had frenched kissed plenty
of guys, usually while I was on my back and they were pounding my ass.  A
few had liked to take me from behind and twist my head around to shove
their tongues in my mouth while they fucked, but this was the first time I
had kissed a guy and sucked a third man's cock at the same time.  Doug let
us work his cock together, moving our heads up and down the sides of his
shaft, licking and sucking on it.  I watched Shane's face as we lapped at
Doug's rod.  He was a handsome young stud.  Any chick on campus would love
to have him in her bed, but here he was with me, on his knees, sucking cock
and french kissing me while he did it.  He looked like he was kind of mad
by what Doug was doing to him and at my involvement in everything, but it
was clear that his hormones were in control.  The sight of Shane's face so
close to mine and his reaction to Doug's control had my already hard cock
throbbing and leaking like crazy.  Doug's grip on my hair tightened and he
pulled my head back.  Then he aimed his dick between my lips.  I let my
throat open and took Doug's cock all the way to the short hairs as I had
done so many times since that first night when Doug had taught me how to
suck cock.

     "Holy shit," Shane said, watching as Doug's thick log disappeared
between my lips and just kept sliding deeper into me.  "He sure knows how
to suck cock!"  Shane moved a bit to the side of me to be able to watch the
rest of Doug's length penetrate my throat.  I felt Shane's hand slide
across my shoulder and onto my throat.  He squeezed as Doug slowly pumped
in and out, filling and emptying my throat.  "Damn, man!  I can feel your
cock making his throat swell up!"

     "Yeah, Clay here was fucking born to take dick from any guy who is man
enough to give it to him."  He set about proving that to Shane by
increasing the speed and force of his thrusts.

     "Hell, I'll give it to him," Shane said.

     "Not until I say you can, and certainly not until I've shot my load,
cocksucker.  After that, we'll see."  Doug was now standing and I was
taking his thrusts deep into my throat.  I could see out of the corner of
my eye a look of lust and excitement on Shane's handsome face as he watched
me take it.  After about two minutes, when my throat began to get sore,
Doug suddenly pulled out, turned, and sank his cock into Shane's mouth.  I
watched as the jock took Doug's meat willingly, more and more sliding into
his mouth until Shane began to gag a bit.  Doug pulled back, then grabbed
both sides of Shane's head and began to pump with more force.  After just a
few strokes in and out, Doug arched his back and drove his cock more deeply
into Shane's mouth than he had before, raising up onto his toes as he did
so.  Shane struggled, gagging and choking as Doug's cock penetrated his
throat.  I watched from the side as Doug pumped his cum down the throat of
the muscular, blond jock on his knees next to me.  I could see Shane's
throat muscles working to take Doug's seed to his belly.  I glanced down at
that, admiring his tight six pack abs, when I felt a hand on my head again.

     Doug pushed my head down until it was obvious what he wanted from me.
I lowered myself to my hands and knees, opened my mouth and let Shane's
cock slide in.  I heard his muffled moan of pleasure around Doug's cock,
which was still plugging his mouth.  Shane's cockhead and shaft were coated
with precum and I got a good taste of the college stud as I let the head
and then his shaft slide over my tongue.  Wanting to do a good job and make
this sexy young man feel good, I let my throat open and took him all the
way.  I heard him let out a sigh of pleasure.  I realized that Doug was
sitting again, watching me suck off his new cocksucker.  I reached up with
one hand and lightly stroked Shane's balls.  His whole body twitched.

     "Don't do that!" He ordered.  "I don't want to shoot too soon.  I want
this to last."

     "First blow job, Shane?" Doug asked with a laugh.

     "From a guy, yeah," Shane replied, and I felt him shudder with
pleasure.

     "Well, Clay here is about the best you'll find.  I've taught him well.
For that matter, he is much better than you are, but you're learning.
Pretty soon you'll be able to treat my dick as well as Clay is treating
yours right now.  You might as well keep practicing."  I was still working
Shane's cock with my lips and tongue, but wasn't touching his balls
anymore.  They were already drawn up tightly to the base of his cock and I
didn't think he would be able to hold off shooting his load for much
longer.  I could hear above me the sounds of Shane's mouth at work again on
Doug's cock.  I slowed my pace, letting Shane ease back from the brink of
orgasm. I knew Doug well enough to know that he would want to cum at the
same time as Shane did.  I worked Shane's thick prick slowly as Doug used
Shane's mouth with quick, forceful thrusts.

     I heard Doug let out a moan which I recognized from past experience.
I angled my head and looked up Shane's broad chest to see Doug's cock
buried in his mouth.  He was shooting his second load into Shane's mouth.
That was enough for Shane because just seconds later, I felt his cock throb
and he began to pump his juice into my throat.  He let out a series of
muffled yelps as he came and I swallowed his cream as quickly as he
produced it.  After a few more seconds, he slowly pulled his cock out from
between my lips, panting a bit from his exertion sucking Doug and shooting
his own load.  I looked up and saw Doug lounging in the chair, watching us.
When he saw me looking at him, he gave me a wink.

     My eyes drank in the sight of the two blond jocks naked in front of
me.  While they were both muscular, lean and well built, Doug had an
indefinable quality to him that made him, at least in my eyes, much sexier.
Maybe it was just that Doug was sitting while Shane was on his knees, or
the fact that Doug had just shot tow load of cum down Shane's throat.
Still, Shane was hot, with a chest and arms that looked like he played
baseball and a tight, trim body.  I realized that I was in my own small
slice of heaven with two toned, blond jocks with hard dicks just a few feet
away from me.

     "Why don't we go into the other room and Clay can show you how good he
is at rimming?"  Doug suggested.

     "Damn!  You mean this guy will lick my ass too?  Shit!  I would never
have picked him as a fag, much less a butt muncher."  I thought Shane's
comment was a bit ironic, seeing as he had just sucked off Doug twice, but
kept silent.  Shane jumped at the chance and was on his feet in seconds.  I
looked at Doug who was wearing his sexy smirk on his face and rose to
follow Shane.  When we got to the bed, he stopped, appearing unsure of what
to do.  I decided to help him out.

     "If you're not comfortable on your back, then just climb onto the bed
on your hands and knees and I can get behind you to show you how good my
tongue can feel."

     "Get on the bed in position for doggie style?  I don't think so.  I
don't take it up the ass.  There's gotta be a better way."  Doug stepped
into the room and surveyed the situation.

     "Clay, lay down on the bed on your back," Doug ordered.  When I
complied, he told Shane to climb on the bed and sit on my face.  Shane's
face lit up at the suggestion, and he eagerly climbed onto the bed and
positioned himself over my face.  I let my tongue go to work, exploring his
hole and enjoying the way his body twitched and his moans of pleasure as I
worked my tongue into him.  I let my hands run up and over his body,
feeling the taut muscles of his legs, his tight abs and even up to the
mounds of muscle that formed his impressive pecs.  I gently squeezed his
nipples and was rewarded with another moan.  I loved playing with this hot
jock's hard, tight body.  I let my hands drop to his cock and balls and
began to play with them while I kept up the action with my tongue.  He was
already rock hard from the rim job I was giving him and my hands on his
cock were almost more than he could take.

     "You wanna try out his pussy, Shane?" Doug asked.  "I can tell you, he
is a great fuck.  Better than any chick you've ever had.  Plus he likes a
good fuck to be rough and hard, so you don't have to treat him all nice and
tender like you do a girl."

     "Hell yeah!  I wanna fuck him now!"

     "Go for it," Doug urged.

     Shane quickly twisted around on the bed, until he was kneeling over me
between my legs.  His manhood stood proudly at an angle, pointing toward
the ceiling.  He grabbed my legs behind my knees and lifted them, pushing
them until he had me almost bent in two.  My hole was now exposed for him.
I watched as Doug squeezed some lube onto his hand and let Shane take some
from him.  Shane massaged the lube onto his staff and also spit on his
cockhead a few times, then leaned forward.  As I felt the head of his cock
against my hole, Shane's blue eyes locked onto mine.  He gave me a wicked
grin and pushed forward.  I felt my hole stretch as he penetrated me and
let out a moan of pain and pleasure.  I quickly adjusted to his invading
cock, having had so much practice with Doug and the other guys to whom Doug
offered my services.

     At first Shane pounded into me like a madman, his hips driving his
cock deeply into me, yanking backwards and then drilling forward again.
After a few minutes of this brutal pounding, Shane's sweat was dripping
onto me.  He leaned even more over top of me and his face moved closer and
closer.  I just waited and soon enough his lips covered mine.  I let his
tongue slide into my mouth as his hips slowed to a more leisurely pace.  It
seemed he wanted to make his first fuck of another male last.  He broke the
kiss and his mouth moved to my neck.

     As Shane moved his head, I saw Doug watching us, the grin on his face
even broader.  He was stroking his cock and covering it with the lube he
had put in his hand to share with Shane.  I watched greased his rod
thoroughly.  I knew immediately what he planned.  Shane's ass was upturned
and Doug was going to take advantage of that.  Wrapped up in the sensations
of the fucking he was giving me, Shane didn't even notice when Doug climbed
onto the bed.  When Doug grabbed Shane's right wrist, then the left and
pinned them to the bed next to my head, he did take notice.

     "What the fuck.....?"  Shane began.  He twisted and squirmed, but Doug
was a master of this.  All Shane did was drive his cock into me from a
variety of angles as he struggled and the pleasurable stimulation to his
cock was only helping to defeat his resistance to Doug.  I could tell the
moment that the head of Doug's tool found Shane's entrance because Shane
suddenly froze.

     "Fuck is right, boy," Doug said quietly, his mouth close to Shane's
right ear.  " I told you I was gonna fuck your ass the first time I let you
suck my cock.  You didn't believe me.  Told me it would never happen.  But,
now's the time."

     "No, Doug!  I told you.  I don't take it up the ass.  You can't fuck
me!"  With his cock still buried balls deep inside me and Doug on top of
him, controlling his movement, there was little Shane could do except voice
his protest.

     "Now shhhhhhh.  Just relax, Shane, and let it happen. I can't fuck
you?  Yeah, right, boy.  You also told me that you would never swallow
another man's cum, but when I told you that you swallow or you don't get my
meat, you agreed quickly enough.  You've sucked my cum down your throat
three times already.  Guys who swallow sperm take it up the ass.  That's
just the way it is.  Look at yourself, Shane.  You've got your cock up
another guy's ass, but we both know you want it as much as Clay does.  Now
be man enough to take it yourself - or should I say pussy enough."

     Doug's cock must have begun to move forward into Shane's hole, which
was already well lubed with my spit, and started to stretch it wider than
it had ever been stretched because I watched Shane's eyes widen.  I saw
tears form at the corners as Doug took Shane's virginity, but Shane's cock
stayed rock hard inside me and the tears didn't spill down his cheeks.  I
felt his whole body being pressed even more tightly against me by Doug's
movement and he let out an agonized yell as Doug popped his cherry.  Doug's
face appeared over Shane's shoulder and he gave me another wink and a smug
grin.  The three of us held still for a moment and I watched Shane's face
as he began to accept what was happening to him.  I had only been present
at one other male's loss of virginity - my own.  Seeing it happen to Shane,
a jock who was in the process of fucking me was incredible.

     Shane's yell apparently signaled the loss of his virginity because
Doug spoke again.  "There boy, you took it all, nice and easy.  Clay got
you all lubed up inside and out and I even added some to my big meat to
help ya.  Feel it?  Feel that big cock inside you?  That's a real man in
your pussy boy."  Shane had been moaning softly, with short whimpers mixed
in as he tried to allow his body to accommodate Doug's manhood.  I could
see the reactions on his face as Doug spoke softly into his ear.  When he
heard the word "pussy" Shane closed his eyes and I felt some of the tension
in his muscles relax.  He was breathing hard, still trying to adjust when
Doug began to fuck.

     Shane let out a series of whimpers as Doug's cock plundered his body,
but his own dick never softened.  His breathing seemed to be controlled by
Doug's humping, his breath forced in and out of him in small gasps in
response to Doug's thrusting.  Soon, he began to move with Doug, fucking me
again even as Doug fucked him.  I squeezed his cock as hard as I could with
my ass muscles and Shane looked at me with what appeared to be gratitude on
his face.  He had remained hard as a rock throughout his deflowering except
for a few seconds when the pain of Doug's initial penetration had coursed
through his body.  Now Shane slowly began to fuck me again, trying to enjoy
having his cock up another male even as Doug did the same to him.

     After a moment I realized that Shane was now the only one moving.  He
was impaling himself backwards onto Doug's cock in order to be able to
still fuck forward into me.  His cock was overruling his mind and body.
His need to cum overriding everything else.  Soon he stiffened, his entire
body going taut and I felt his dick throbbing inside me as he shot his
load.  He gasped and moaned as he came, then lowered his mouth to my neck
and sucked a bit as he shot the last of his load.  When he had finished
cumming, he collapsed onto me.  That was when Doug began to fuck in
earnest.

     Shane was caught in the contrasting afterglow of his orgasm and the
guilt of being fucked up the ass by another man, but there was nothing he
could do about it.  Doug took his time, reaming out the muscular stud's ass
with long slow strokes.  I felt Shane's cock, which had only partially
softened after his orgasm, become steely hard again inside me as Doug's
thick meat pounded his prostate.  Doug increased his pace and soon I heard
him moan.  He shot his third load of the evening into Shane, this time
claiming forever Shane's virginity, making his ass a pussy for Doug.

     Shane let out a gasp as Doug pulled his cock out of him.  He looked
down at me and began to pump again, harder, much harder, than he had
before.  He seemed to have decided to take out his embarrassment,
humiliation and aggression by fucking me as hard as he could.  After a few
moments, he pulled out and manhandled me onto my stomach.  His cock roughly
stabbed into me again and he pumped even harder.  Then Shane pulled at me
until I was up on my hands and knees taking it doggy style from him.

     "Take it, bitch.  Take my cock!  Take it like the fucking slut that
you are!"  I felt his hands on my back then he smacked my ass with his
right hand.  With his left, he grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled my
head back.  This gave me a glimpse of Doug sitting on Johnny's bed watching
as Shane fucked like a crazed man.  Soon, the sensations overwhelmed him
and he came again, adding a second load of his cum to the one already
inside me.

     Both of us were covered with sweat as Shane finally pulled free.  I
moved forward, slowly and painfully, every muscle in my body aching.  I
turned to see Shane, his cock at half mast and an look on his face of
embarrassment, anger and still a trace of arrogance.  He might have taken
Doug's cock up his ass, but he had proved his manhood in me.  He climbed
off the bed and looked at Doug.

     "You bastard," he said, though his voice lacked conviction.  "I told
you I didn't take it up the ass."

     "Yeah?  Well you seemed to do just fine and your ass felt great when
it squeezed my cock while you shot your load into Clay.  Besides any fag
who sucks down another guy's load will take it up the ass, no matter what
they say.  I told you that."  Shane shot a look at Doug, then at me and
then walked into the other room, pulled on his clothes and left.  I could
hear him muttering and cursing half under his breath as he did it.  As the
door shut, Doug let out a chuckle.  I looked over at him.

     "That boy has needed his cherry busted for a long time.  He loved it,
though he will probably never admit it.  He's not quite like you, Clay."

     "What do you mean?" I asked.

     "Well, pretty much all guys have one thing in common.  We all want
tons of sex, more than the chicks are usually willing to provide and
certainly in ways they wouldn't like.  Even though all men have that in
common, there are different kinds of guys.  First, there are guys like me
who were made, mentally and physically, to fuck.  We fuck anyone who is
looks good to us, male or female.  In fact, fucking another male, making
another guy, especially a jock like you or Shane, submit in the most
intimate fashion imaginable is a huge rush for real men like me.  Then
there are guys who will only fuck women, the so called "straight" guys.
Finally, there are guys like Shane.  He fucks chicks with the best of us,
but will sometimes give head to men like me just to get some action when he
is horny enough.  Now he knows that in the right circumstances, he will
even take it up the ass."  Doug looked at me.  "He's not like you though.
I doubt anyone else will ever get up Shane's ass and it may be that even I
won't get it again.  I could be wrong because I don't know him all that
well, but he sure never expected to play pussyboy for me tonight."

      "Then there are guys like you.  You need sex as much as the rest of
us, but you get off more on another guy's cock and cum than you do your
own.  You have a great body and physically you could have plenty of chicks,
but mentally, it's a different story.  You get off on taking cock as much
as I get off on giving it.  I think that you and guys like you were put on
earth to take care of the needs of guys like me, Johnny, the twins and a
lot of the other guys you have let fuck you.  I say a lot because there are
a couple of my frat brothers who have fucked you that have also felt my big
ol' meat slide up into them.  So to my way of thinking, it boils down to
basically three types of males."

     "First there are men, like me and Johnny.  We fuck who we want, when
we want and how we want.  Some men stick strictly with women, other men
will use males when they feel like it or want that extra rush of putting it
to another guy.  Second, there are men who are basically straight, but will
take a cock now and then when they get horny enough, like Shane.  Sometimes
they will get drunk, or pretend to get drunk so they can claim they don't
remember it later or pull some other lame shit like that.  Maybe they will
just suck or maybe they will give up their ass like Shane did, but
basically they fuck women and just mess with guys when their hormones take
control of their brains.  Third, there are boys like you who live to suck
the cum from the balls of real men and spread your legs for us."

     "You're a cock slut, Clay.  You're male, but still a cock slut.  And
in some ways that's better than any female around because you will let us
real men, and even guys like Shane, do anything we want in order to get our
ball juice.  Not only that, you will do just about anything yourself to get
cock.  I know you drank my little bro's piss.  Not many women would do
that, but you did because it was what he wanted.  It made him happy and it
got you closer to your goal of getting his cum.  You just have to have cock
and will do whatever it takes to get it - your mind is designed that way.

     Of course, within those three basic groups there are a million
different varying degrees, depending on the individual.  But we are still
at opposite ends of the spectrum.  I fuck women and sometimes fags and
always will, you take cock up the ass and down the throat from men, and
always will."  Doug paused and looked at me intently.  "Since I taught you
to suck and took your cherry.....that's now pretty much the extent of your
sex life, isn't it?"  I could only nod.  I hadn't had a girlfriend, much
less fucked a woman for more than two months.  I had been far too busy
getting loads of cum pumped down my throat and up my ass by Doug, his
little bro, his buddies, frat brothers and some other guys.  "Yeah, I knew
that's the way it would be with you from the way you reacted that first
night.  Not like Shane at all.  You were so into it, so into taking my
cock, that I knew you'd soon be sniffing around any guy you could find."

     "Just remember that when a real man decides he wants to use your mouth
or ass, then you give it to him willingly.  No bullshit.  No acting like
you don't like it, want it and need it.  You just obey.  Men like me don't
want some silly fag wasting our time pretending he's a real man.  We want
you to submit and get on your knees or spread your legs.  By doing so you
acknowledge your place in the order of things at the bottom of the pile and
our place at the top.  You get your jollies and your nut with a man's cock
in you, and that's the way it should be."  He glanced over at me.  "Now get
outta here.  Seth will be home soon and I'm sure he'll want a nice blow job
from you, boy."  I grabbed my shorts, pulled them on and returned to my
room, where I sat thinking about Doug's take on the spectrum of male
sexuality.  As Seth got home saw me still naked and moved towards me, one
hand pulling down his zipper, I realized that I liked my place in it.

**********************

Author's Note: I hope everyone has enjoyed the story.  I know a lot of you
have been waiting a long time for another chapter of Doug's story and I
hope that I lived up to your expectations and it was worth the wait.  I try
to respond to all email correspondence about my stories.  If you would like
to send me feedback, positive or negative, I would be happy to get it.

All rights reserved to the author.  You can print my story for your own
use, but don't post it anywhere else without my permission, and if you do
see my stories somewhere else, please let me know.  Thanks for reading,
guys!
Date: Wed, 17 Feb 1999 23:06:35 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug 2

			     Dominated by Doug
				  Part 2
				    by
			      Percxyz@aol.com

     There was a knock on the door that connected my dorm room with the
common bathroom.  My roommate, Seth, got up from his bed where he was
reading a textbook and answered it.  I was sitting at my desk in the other
room when I heard Doug's voice.
     "Hey, Seth.  Is Clay here?  I wanna talk to him."
     "He's in studying at his desk.  Come on in, dude."
     I turned around in my chair and looked through to the other room.
Doug strutted in and made his way into our study room while Seth went back
to the book on his bed.  He threw a "Thanks" over his shoulder to Seth.  I
felt my cock twitch in my shorts as Doug came into the room in which I was
sitting.  He was shirtless, which was his favorite way to dress when it was
warm.  He had a great body and he knew it.  He came up to the chair where I
was sitting and the smirk that I had seen on his face, the night he made me
his bitch was back.  My heartbeat increased tenfold.  What did he want?
     "Hey, Clay, I gotta physics problem that I've been working on and
can't figure out.  Why don't you come over and help me with it?"  Though it
was a question, there was a tone of command in his voice.
     "A physics problem.  Okay, I can do that."  All the guys who shared
the bathroom with me knew that I was good in math and sciences.  I got up
and followed him through the bathroom and into his room.  I admired the
muscled in his back and the firm mounds of his ass as we walked.  After he
led me into his dorm rooms, Doug turned and shut the door which connected
to the bathroom.  Then he locked it.
     "Ok, bitch.  I broke up with Becky two days ago and haven't had
anything since.  You owe me, so you are gonna take care of me, right now."
     I was not surprised that he wanted me to satisfy his sexual needs, but
I owed him?  That was outrageous!  He had used me, mouth and ass, for an
entire weekend, fulling me with his cum almost too many times to count and
I owed him?
     "You're crazy, Doug.  I don't owe you anything.  I'll admit I enjoyed
what we did together a couple weeks ago, but I certainly don't owe you
anything."
     "Yes, you do, cocksucker, and you will start calling me Sir again.
When you are here as my slut, you call me Sir.  You owe me for all those
times you've shot your faggot wad thinking about my body and what I did to
you, not what we did together.  I know you've beaten off thinking about me
and you haven't been with a chick since that weekend.  Admit it, you beat
your meat and fantasize about my hot body and big cock.  How many times
have you shot your load with a picture of me in your mind, boy, huh?"
     "I. Well, umm.."
     "Don't fucking lie to me bitch, or it'll just make things worse for
you.  Now tell me!  How many times!"
     "Umm.  Every day since that weekend.  Sir.  I've beat off every
night."
     "Just once a day?  Or am I the object of your faggot fantasies more
than that?"
     "Well, Sir, I beat off twice on Tuesdays and Thursdays, when Seth
leaves first for his early class."
     Doug's eyes narrowed.  "That's what I figured.  Little pussyboy beats
off dreaming about my big cock and my hard body.  Tell me.  What do you
think about when you actually shoot?  My hot cum sliding down your throat
or my big dick up your tight pussy?"
     I felt myself blushing.  His words were hitting the mark, but I
couldn't, just couldn't actually admit it all to him.  He wanted the
details, I could tell, but I wasn't sure I could bring myself to say the
words.  I had been staring at the floor for a few seconds as I thought
about what he wanted me to tell him.  He commanded me to look at him.  I
raised my eyes to Doug's face, and a wave of submission rolled through me
looking at the handsome teenage blond.
     "I usually think about the way you made me take your whole cock down
my throat and the way you pinned me on the bed and fucked me."
     "What else!" he demanded.
     "Well, Sir, I liked the way you took control of me," I continued, my
face felt redder than Doug's cock when it was hard.  "I liked it when you
made me lick up my own cum after you had fucked me, Sir.
     "So when you shoot your wimpy fucking cum all over your belly, you're
mind is remembering me mounting you like a dog and fucking your face like
it was a cunt.  That's about what I figured, pussyboy.  You like to have a
real man take charge and use you.  So in the last three weeks, you've used
me to cum more than twenty times.  I shot my load in you about eight or ten
times, so you owe me, bitch.  You owe me a bunch."
     It was weak logic at best, I knew that, but my cock was already
tenting out my shorts and he could see that clearly.  I watched Doug as he
ran his eyes up and down my body.  He paused at my crotch, but I made no
effort to try and hide my hard dick.  He new what kind of effect he had on
me and knew the power he held.  My body reacted to his in a way beyond my
control and he also knew that I had enjoyed his domination.  He had made me
admit that to him just seconds earlier.  I felt myself blush again.
     "You keep yourself in good shape, pussyboy.  You work out?"
     I told him that besides jogging, which we had done together, I also
spent some time at the gym.  I kept myself toned and trim, but didn't quite
have the natural masculine beauty that Doug had.  He just radiated it as
part of his surfer style of walking, talking and acting.
     "That's good, bitch.  Just think, you've spent all that time in the
gym, keeping yourself fit and it's all for me to use.  You put in all that
work to give other guys pleasure."  He chuckled.  "All guys need tons of
sex, even pussyboys like you.  But real men like me are made to do the
fucking and when no chick is available, it's the guys like you who were put
on this earth to take care of our needs.  That's what you are in this room
for right now.  You're gonna take my dick again, any way I decide to put it
to you.  Understand, bitch?
     "Yes, Sir," I replied.  I knew that I would submit again to his sexual
desires because he was right, I did want to make him cum again.  I wanted
to feel his strong body on me, in me.  I wanted to see his face when he
shot his load and know that I had given him the pleasure to bring him to
that point.  Doug told me to strip.
     "What about Johnny?" I asked.  "Is he gonna be back soon?"  Johnny was
Doug's roommate.  A flash of anger crossed Doug's face.
     "You don't fucking question me, cocksucker.  You just do what I tell
you.  Now strip, slut."  I obeyed.  "Johnny will be gone for a couple
hours.  But so what?  Even if he walked in on us, you'd just take his cock
too, now wouldn't you?"  I looked at the floor again, embarrassed.  "Answer
me, pussyboy!"
     "Yes, Sir, I think Johnny is very hot and would suck his dick for
him."  Johnny was the opposite of Doug.  He was a latin stud with black
hair and sported a thin black moustache and goatee that he kept trimmed
very short and that I found to be very sexy.  I had seen him in the showers
and his chest had a nice amount of dark hair covering the muscles he had
built up playing baseball in highschool.  I hadn't really thought about the
other guys sexually until the weekend that Doug had shown his dominance
over me.  Since then each of the guys who shared the bathroom between our
dorm rooms had been in my fantasies at one point or another.  Johnny was
one of the best looking and I had wondered what his cock would be like
several times.  Doug must have been reading my mind.
     "You jack off thinking about him too, pussyboy?  You shot your wad
with a picture of Johnny in your mind?"
     "Yes, Sir," I admitted.
     "Well then you owe him too, boy.  I may just have to tell him that you
are lusting after him and let him use you for awhile too."  I know I paled
and my fear was obvious to Doug, but I was also very excited by the thought
of making it with Johnny too. "Hadn't thought too much about that had you?
All it would take is one word from me and I am sure he'd shove his cock
down your throat.  I've never seen him hard, but even soft it looks like
he's longer than me.  I am sure you would love it.  But now it's time to
take care of me.  Get on your knees."
     I sank to my knees, naked again.  Doug didn't make me crawl to him on
my knees this time.  He shucked off his sweat pants and jockeys and his
hard dick slapped up against his taut belly.  I felt my mouth begin to
water.  I could see that his cock was already leaking precum.  Doug was
obviously very horny.  Doug stepped over to me and grabbed the base of his
cock.  I just knelt there and accepted it as he began to slap my cheeks
with his dick.  As the precum smeared across my face, I looked up at Doug.
He was staring down at me, the smirk on his face again.
     "Bitch slappin' you, boy.  Goddam!  You get on your knees and let
another guy beat your face with his hard dick.  Don't even know any fucking
whores who'd let a guy do this to them.  You are one hell of a pussyboy!
Take it bitch!  Right on those baby-faced cheeks."  He slapped my face for
another minute or so before aiming the head of his dick between my lips.  I
let him slide it in and he gave me no chance to adjust my throat or the
angle of my head.  He just kept shoving it in deeper and deeper.  The head
lodged at the entrance to my throat, but Doug just used brute strength to
force it in, making my throat stretch to accommodate his thick inches.  I
heard him moan deep in his chest as he sank his cock into me.  He had
completely cut off my air and I struggled not to choke on his thick
cockshaft.  I had learned how to do that a few weeks ago and it came back
to me quickly.  I let my throat muscles relax and the choking sensation
subsided some.
     Doug put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me backwards.  I felt my
back come to a stop against the mirror on the door of one of the closets.
It chilled my back for a split second, but then my attention was again
focused on the blond teenage male drilling my mouth with his cock.  He had
my head pinned against the closet door now and was basically jack hammering
his cock into my throat.  Several times he pulled all the way back until
just the head was between my lips and he would milk the shaft with his
hand.  The drop of cum he squeezed out tasted salty and smoky on my tongue.
Then he would drive in deeply again.  I had managed to tilt my head back a
bit, allowing him better access and also allowing me to look up along his
tight body.  I could see a sheen of sweat starting to form on his skin.  I
wanted desperately to run my hands all over Doug's body, but knew better
than to do so without his permission.
     Doug's moans were getting louder and for a second I worried that
someone might hear him, but then his cock stabbed into my throat again and
I forgot about anyone else but Doug.  I shifted my glance up and couldn't
see much.  He was leaning forward, his chest up against the mirror while
his hips drove his long dick into my face faster and faster.  Suddenly
Doug's whole beautiful body went taut and he let out a very loud moan.  His
cock expanded in my mouth as a blast of cum shot from his balls and into my
throat.  Doug's hands grabbed both sides of my head and he pulled his
spurting cock back.  I felt his cum blast again and again onto my tongue,
then up against the roof of my mouth, then to one side and the other.  Doug
forced my head to tilt back, so I was looking up at him.  He was standing
up straight again, his sweaty face looking down at me.  Our eyes met as his
cock gave its final spurt into my mouth.
     "Swallow my cum boy.  Drink down the millions of sperm I just shot in
your mouth.  I wanna watch you do it."
     Obediently, I swallowed his salty, smoky load and watched as a pleased
grin spread across his face.  Doug put his left hand on the top of my head
and forehead and held it against the closet door, then used his right hand
to milk the last of his cum from the long thick shaft of his cock.  I ran
my tongue over the head of his cock to lap up the sperm he had milked out
and his whole body twitched.  "Stop that, boy!" he ordered.  He stroked his
cock a few more times, then pulled it out of my mouth and stepped back.  I
wiped my eyes as he walked over to his bed and sat down on it.  They had
been watering from the rough mouth fuck that Doug had just delivered.  I
looked over and the handsome, arrogant stud on the bed.  His cock glistened
with my own spit and still throbbed, red and hard.  I figured I knew what
he would want next.  Doug proved to be more creative than I had imagined.
     "So sweetlips," Doug said cockily, "how'd you like that hot load?"
     "I... Well... It was..."  I wasn't sure what to say.
     "You dick says it all, bitch," Doug told me.
     I looked down and saw that he was right.  I was hard as a rock and
precum had leaked all the way down the shaft to my balls.  I looked back up
at Doug and said kind of sheepishly, "I liked it, Sir.  I liked the way you
fucked my face."
     My admission seemed to please him because he smiled again.  Looking at
me, he leaned back and stretched out on the bed on his back.  "Why don't
you bring that talented mouth over here, boy?"
     I began to stand, but he stopped me.  "You crawl on your knees when
you approach me, cunt."
     Once again, I crawled over to the dominant teenager on my knees across
the hard tile floor.  He was resting now with his hands under his head.
The long blond locks on the back of his head were damp with sweat and
covered his wrists.  Lust swept through me as I looked at him stretched out
on his bed.  His hard cock was stiff against his tight abs.  Doug's legs
were spread a bit, allowing his now relaxed ball sack to hang down.  His
chest was expanding and contracting more and more slowly as his pulse
slowed from the exertion of the fuck he had just thrown in my mouth, but
was still covered with a sheen of sweat and even some larger drops.  He
opened his beautiful green eyes and looked at me.  "Clean me up, boy.  Put
that tongue to good use."  He closed his eyes again and settled back onto
the bed.
     I knew what he meant and leaned forward over him, still on my knees.
I let my tongue lap across his left nipple and he let out a soft sigh.
Encouraged, I began to lick more enthusiastically.  His skin was salty and
soft and warm.  I licked until both his nipples were hard under my tongue,
then spent some time in the cleft between his pecs, where some large drops
of sweat had accumulated.  I lapped them up eagerly.  I felt one of Doug's
hand grab my head by the hair and he forced my face into his left armpit.
I licked there just as eagerly, tasting him, tasting Doug.  I wanted this
now as much as I had wanted his cum to fill my mouth only minutes before.
Doug was moaning as I licked his body, moving down his chest and to his
tight abdominals.  I tongued his navel for a moment, then licked across the
head of his cock, but Doug's hands forced me around his dick and further
down.  Ans I lapped at his ball sack, I heard him gasp.
     "Suck them both into your mouth, cocksucker," he commanded.  I obeyed
and enjoyed rolling his large nuts around in their sack until he told me to
go further.  I licked at the skin between his balls and his hole.  I wasn't
stupid, I could see where this was going.  I was surprised a bit when Doug
grabbed his legs behind his knees and pulled them up to his chest.  It was
a position that I had been in several times, always face to face with Doug,
his cock ramming in and out of my body and sometimes his tongue driving
into my mouth.  Now, my tongue was at his man hole.  I licked tentatively
at first, but then tried harder.  Doug let out a loud moan of pleasure
which really encouraged me.  I lapped at his hole ten or twelve times very
quickly.  Doug was moaning constantly now.  I felt his hand come down on
the back of my head, pushing my face into his ass.  I licked even harder.
     "Stick your tongue in, bitch.  Lick out my hole!"
     I obeyed and drove my tongue up inside him.  He let out a moan of
absolute ecstasy.  I drilled my tongue in and out of his hole for a few
minutes before Doug pulled my head away.  He quickly pushed me down onto my
back on the bed and moved his ass over my face.  He lowered himself down
and sat on my face.  I drilled my tongue up into him again.  He moaned so
loudly that I was sure someone would hear him.
     "Lick it bitch. Lick out my hole you worthless cocksucker.  Fuck yeah,
eat me out.  Oh damn that feels good.  You fucking slut.  Eating out
another dude's ass!  You love it, bitch.  That's right, make me feel good,
boy!"  Doug's cock was now dripping precum onto my face and into my hair.
Finally, Doug was so stimulated he lost control.  He moved quickly, using
his knees to force my legs apart.  Once between them, he grabbed my ankles
and rolled me up onto my shoulders.  I felt the head of his cock at my hole
for only a second before he rammed in, shoving his barely lubed cock all
the way inside me in one savage thrust.  I clamped my teeth shut to hold in
the scream behind them.  Doug held himself completely buried in me for a
second, then dragged his cock back out of me.  Much to my relief, Doug spit
a half dozen times before ramming his cock back inside me.
     "Take it bitch.  Take it hard!  I'm gonna fuck you like you've never
even imagined a man could fuck.  You fucking pussy!  Take my big dick up
that tight hole!  Take it bitch, take it all!"  Doug was in a frenzy, his
cock pounding me without mercy.  The spit had helped some, but the brute
force of his fucking was moving my entire body back and forth on his bed.
He kept up his dirty talk, calling me his bitch and his whore and telling
me how tight and how hot my pussy was around his big cock.  My body was
responding now to the fucking even as hard and rough as it was.  My cock
had hardened again and was bouncing on my own ab muscles as Doug fucked me
like a piece of trash whore.  I could feel my balls drawing up as my own
orgasm began to approach.
     I couldn't believe how turned on I was getting from hearing his words.
Being called his bitch and his pussy had my entire mind and body on fire.
Doug's big cock burying itself again and again into me was pushing me over
the edge.  Suddenly, Doug lowered his face to mine and his lips covered
mine.  I felt his tongue probing at my mouth and opened to accept it.  When
I had kissed the girls I had been with, it was always my tongue in their
mouths.  Here, I was the one who submissively took any part of his body
into mine that he wanted to put in me.
     Doug's hands had moved to my nipples and he was twisting them both.
My legs were now propped on his shoulders and I was folded in half.  The
sound of his breathing and heartbeat were all I could hear.  The smell of
his sweat, cum and body were all I could smell.  The hardness of his
muscles and his cock, and the smooth softness of his skin were all I could
feel.  My eyes were filled with the sight of his face and as he pulled his
mouth from mine, I licked at his neck, tasting his sweat.
     Doug drove his cock deeply into me again and held it there.  His head
was thrown back so that I was looking at the cords of his neck and could
see the pulse of his heartbeat running through it.  With the roar of a wild
animal, he began to cum.  Doug's entire body shuddered and twitched as his
cock pumped my guts full of his hot cum.  All of my senses consumed by this
muscular, blond eighteen-year-old stud was enough to take me over the edge
and I shot my wad all the way up to my chin, then onto both of our bellies.
I moaned like a bitch in heat as I came, my ass clamping down on his still
spurting cock.  The force of our orgasms drained us both, and Doug
collapsed on top of me for a minute, allowing my legs to slide off his
shoulders.  Then he rolled onto his back next to me on the bed.
     I was panting, laying on my back next to the young buck who had
completely mastered me.  Doug was catching his breath too.  I turned my
head and saw he was laying with his eyes closed, panting quickly.  "Lick
your cum off me, boy!"
     Sore as I was, I moved around and began to lick at Doug's chest and
belly, cleaning my cum off of him.  When I was finished, Doug told me to
get off the bed.  I obeyed and stood next to the bed for a second watching
him.  He told me to give him my shirt.  I got it from the floor and he used
it to wipe his cock clean.  Doug opened his eyes for a second or two and
looked at me.  "I'm gonna take a nap, bitch.  Let yourself out and shut the
door behind you.  I'll fuck your mouth again later."  Then he rolled over
onto his belly and drifted off to sleep.  I watched him for a second, his
gorgeous body laying there naked in front of me, then turned away towards
the door to obey.

Date: Sun, 7 Mar 1999 00:51:16 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug 3

			     Dominated by Doug
				  Part 3
				    By
			      Percxyz@aol.com

     It was a Thursday evening, and I had not seen Doug in about a week.
Also, the girl I had been dating had made it clear that she wasn't going to
put out for me at all.  I was both frustrated and relieved by that.  After
my experiences with Doug over the last few weeks, I was unsure of what I
wanted from a girl.  I had found that I liked the way that Doug took
control, dominated me and used me for his sexual pleasure.  Just the
thought of it had my cock stiffening in my shorts.  The dorm room was hot
and I was wearing only a white t-shirt and some Umbro shorts.  I had a jock
on underneath, so my hard cock wasn't easily noticeable, but still I felt
uncomfortable sitting only a few feet from my roommate who was studying at
his desk.  I looked back down at my textbook, but my mind wandered back to
the last time I spent with Doug.  Pictures in my mind of Doug's tight,
muscled body, blond hair and green eyes kept distracting me.  Also the
thought of his hard cock, and what he did to me with it were enough to make
me close my textbook with a sigh.  My roommate looked over at me.
     "Can't study, huh?" Seth asked.
     "Nah, it's too hot."  I replied.  That was kind of the truth.
Actually, I was now too hot from reliving my time with Doug.  Making up my
mind, I got up from the desk and walked into the bathroom.  I got to the
door of Doug's room, and paused.  What if his dorm mate was home?  Here I
was ready to knock on another guy's door and ask him, hell beg him even, to
let me be his cocksucker and pussy.  Now that I was there, I was
embarrassed.  If Johnny, Doug's roommate answered the door, what would I
do?  Still my raging hormones were in control and I found myself knocking
on the door that separated Doug's room from the bathroom.  I heard someone
moving on the other side of the door and felt my cock growing even stiffer.
Suddenly Doug opened the door.  He took one look at me and a smirk appeared
on his face.
     "What are you here for, faggot?" he asked, quietly.
     "I...um...well, I thought I'd see if you were busy or maybe wanted to
hang out for awhile."  I knew I sounded kind of lame, but the sight of
Doug, with his arrogant, superior look had my knees weak.  I wanted him
again and was prepared to submit to anything he desired to have another
chance to suck him, or take his cock in any way he wanted.  I looked up at
him, my eyes meeting his for a second before I dropped my gaze along his
shirtless chest and down to his feet.  He was wearing a pair of white sweat
socks and tennis shoes.  He had on a pair of football shorts, exposing his
well muscled legs to my roving eyes.  I admired the fine blond hairs on his
shins as I let my eyes wander up the length of them to his well packed
crotch.  It appeared that he wasn't wearing any underwear.  I suddenly
realized that I had been staring at his lower body for over a minute and he
had yet to say a word to answer me.  I looked up at his face again.
     "Johnny's out right now, pussyboy.  You here for some more of my
cock?"  I nodded my head.  Doug looked at me, his face assuming a stern
look.  "Not good enough, boy.  You answer me when I ask you a question!" he
demanded.
     "Yes sir," I answered.
     "Yes sir what?  Tell me what you want, bitch!"
     "I want your cock, sir.  I want to suck you off and taste your cum.  I
want to feel you mount me and fuck my pussy hard until you cum.  I want to
taste your body, lick every inch of it and make you feel good sir."  The
words came in a rush.  I was unable to control them or slow them down.  But
I was rewarded with a smile on Doug's face.  I knew he enjoyed being in
control and exerting his will and power over me, and a wave of submission
rolled through my mind.  I enjoyed his domination as much as he did.
     "Good answer, bitch.  Get your cocksucking mouth in here."  He stepped
back, pulling the door open wider and I entered his dorm room.  He shut the
door behind us and I heard the lock click.  I began to turn around to look
at him when I felt the palm of his hand hit me on my back right between my
shoulder blades pushing me forward and into the middle of the bedroom.
Doug released me and I turned around to look at him.
     He issued a single word command, "Strip!"
     I obeyed immediately.  I quickly pulled my t-shirt over my head and
shucked off my shorts and boxers.  I was already barefoot, so I was
standing naked in front of Doug in seconds.  I felt my throbbing cock
rising in front of me as I stared at the dominant young man standing in
front of me.  Doug had his arms crossed over his chest, which showed off
the development of his biceps and shoulders.  He looked me up and down for
a second, smirking when he saw my already erect cock pointing towards him.
Doug looked me in the eyes and snapped the finger or his right hand, then
pointed with the same hand straight down at the floor between his spread
legs.  I understood the gesture and the command instantly.  He expected me
to drop to my knees on the hard tile floor just upon his unspoken command.
Once again, the desire to submit to this handsome teenage blond stud washed
through me.  I stepped forward and sank to my knees before him.
     "Yeah, you slut.  You want it so bad you'd do anything to get another
chance at my cock, wouldn't you boy?"
     "Yes, sir." I answered.
     I watched as Doug kicked off his tennis shoes.  Then Doug lifted each
foot and ordered me to remove his socks.  They had been pushed down to
around his ankles and as I pulled them off I realized that they were very
long tube socks.  When Doug ordered, I handed him one of the socks.  I
watched as he balled it up and held it in front of my face.  Doug ordered
me to open my mouth as when I did, he shoved the balled up sock into my
mouth.  He then quickly stepped behind me and used the other sock to secure
my wrists behind my back.  I felt my cock throbbing even harder and could
see that I was leaking precum.  Doug was back in front of me and noticed
the same thing.
     "You really get off on me tying you up, dontcha?  What a fucking slut
you are, boy.  I watched him intently as he ran his hand over his chest,
lightly squeezing his nipples, then down the muscular landscape of his abs
and under the waistband of his shorts.  I saw him wrap his hand around his
cock and felt the sock in my mouth getting wetter and wetter as my mouth
watered for a taste of his cock.  Doug stroked his dick in his shorts for a
second, teasing me, then pulled it free.  My eyes focused on his hard cock
immediately wanting to taste it, wanting to please it, to please him.  I
pulled at my bound wrists, frustrated that I couldn't reach out and stroke
his cock for him.  Doug watched me struggling and chuckled.  I stopped,
resigned to my position of submission to this young male and looked up at
him.  When I did, Doug leaned forward a bit and began to beat my face with
his hard cock.  I could feel the precum being smeared on my face as he did
it.  I knew from our time together before that he enjoyed this.  He liked
seeing another male on his knees, submitting to having his face slapped by
another guy's cock.
     There was no way for me to get his cock into my mouth, gagged as I was
with the sock, so I simply waited for Doug to decide how else I could
pleasure him.  After a few minutes of dick slapping me with his cock, I
could tell that he was getting very excited.  His breath, calm at first,
was now almost panting.  I hadn't realized until then how much he enjoyed
his domination over another male.  I was in good shape and had been told I
was a good looking guy.  I had my share of girls, and had fucked many of
them, but here I was on my knees, submitting to Doug's beating of my face
with his hard cock.  I saw that Doug was stroking his cock some as he
slapped my face and as I watched, his body began to tremble.  I knew the
signs.  With a loud groan, Doug began to cum.  He shot his load all over my
face and into my hair.  A good six or seven spurts of hot semen coated my
forehead, cheeks, lips and chin.  Doug pulled to sock from my mouth and
slid the head of his cock between my lips.  He milked it a few times, and I
was rewarded with a large drop of his cum on my tongue.
     Momentarily satisfied, Doug stepped over to his bed and sat down on
it, his back against the wall and his legs folded in front of him.  His
cock was still mostly hard and jutted up from his crotch.  I continued to
kneel there, his cum dripping into my mouth and down off my face, waiting
for him to tell me what to do.  Doug closed his eyes and relaxed for a few
minutes, while I knelt, hands bound behind me on the cold hard tile.  Then
Doug opened his eyes and looked at me.
     "I think I want to shoot my next load down your throat.  You suck my
cock better than any other bitch.  I wanna figure out some way that I can
fuck your throat as hard as I want.  Stand up, come here and turn around."
I obeyed and Doug untied my wrists.  He handed me the sock and told me to
wipe my face clean.  I did as he said and then turned to look at him.  He
sat naked on the bed, still indian style, obviously thinking.
     "I want a straight shot down your throat, cocksucker.  Get over on
Johnny's bed, on your back with your head hanging off."  I quickly climbed
onto his roommate's bed, enjoying the spicy scent of his Latino roommate's
body which clung to the sheets.  After I let my head drop over the side of
the bed, I could see what Doug had in mind.  He moved over and stood over
me, staring down at me dominantly.  I opened my mouth and Doug began to
slowly penetrate my mouth and throat.  As he reached the entrance to my
throat, instead of hitting the back of my throat as he normally did when I
was on my knees, his cock slid in deeper, stretching my throat around the
thickness of his cock.  Doug slid forward until his ball were hanging in my
eyes and then held still, buried completely in me.  I heard him moan in
pleasure as every millimeter of his cock disappeared down my throat.  My
only regret was that, unlike when I sucked him on my knees, I couldn't look
up to see the pleasure on his handsome face.  Then Doug pulled back, the
inches of his cock pulling back out of my throat and into my mouth.
     "Hot damn, cocksucker.  I like this!" he nearly shouted.  I felt his
hand on my throat, squeezing.  I felt even more vulnerable than ever at
that point, the young male who had his cock buried in my mouth and neck and
his hand on my throat only emphasized his power over me.  A few seconds
later I found out what he was doing.  "Shit, Clay, when I slide my cock all
the way in I can watch your throat stretch and bulge around it.  God that
is hot! And now I can feel your throat expand with my hand on your throat.
Shit, boy, your mouth is as good a pussy as your ass!  Take my cock,
faggot.  Take it all the way you cocksucking whore!"
     Doug began to ram his cock into my mouth faster and faster.  I could
feel his cock forcing its way into my throat time and time again.  My
throat began to feel raw from the rough treatment that Doug was giving me,
but I was loving every second of it.  I could hear Doug moaning in pleasure
above me as he mouth-fucked me rough, fast and hard.  I moved my own hand
to my cock, but Doug grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand away.  I was to
give myself no relief as he used my mouth like a pussy, fucking harder and
harder.  His balls, which had been slapping against my forehead and eyes,
were now drawing up to the base of his cock.  Suddenly, Doug's thrusting
slowed.  I didn't know what he had planned for me next, but my throat was
glad to get even a moment's break from the very rough fucking it was
receiving.  Then suddenly, I heard what had made him pause.  Keys were
jingling at the main door into the other room of Doug's dorm.  Doug's pace
slowed considerably, until he was almost lazily running his cock in and out
of my throat, but never pulling completely from my mouth.  I struggled
suddenly, trying to pull away from him, but Doug pinned my arms to the bed,
holding me in place and keeping his cock in my mouth.  I managed to twist
my head just enough to see him grinning down at me.  I knew that Johnny was
going to walk in and find me pinned to his bed, on my back with Doug
fucking my mouth.
     I struggled, trying to break free and get up from the bed, but there
was no way I could break free of the dominant position over me which Doug
had.  Doug was still moaning, but not as loudly as I heard the door swing
open.  I knew that from the main door, no one could see into the bedroom
where Doug and I were, and I felt my cock get even harder than it had been
during Doug's rough treatment at the thought of being found with this blond
surfer stud's cock buried down my throat.
     "Hey, man.  Sounds like you got a chick in there.  You want me to come
back later?" It was Johnny, Doug's Latino roomie.  I prayed that Doug would
send Johnny away.
     "No way, dude.  You gotta come in here and check this out.  If you
want some of this action, you are more then welcome to it."  Doug was
exerting his greatest domination over me so far - offering my services to
his roommate.  I heard the door swing shut and the sound of a bookbag being
dropped on a desk.
     "You sure she won't mind..."  Johnny cut off in mid sentence.  "Holy
shit!  What the fuck is this, dude?"
     "What's it look like, buddy?  I'm fucking my personal cocksucker's hot
mouth.  I was just about to fill it full of juice when you came through the
door."
     "Clay?  Clay is a fucking faggot?  Damn!  I never would've suspected
him.  He's always been one of the jocks."
     "Yeah, well I found out a couple weeks ago that old Clay here, prefers
his nose in another guys' jock, than being a jock.  He's a fucking hole,
Johnny.  A fucking hole."
     I felt my entire body turning red as I heard Doug describe me this
way.  I was just a hole for him to use.  Doug had begun thrusting again,
and he was still close to cumming.  Putting on a show for his buddy, Doug
began to ram my face even harder than before, making me gag and choke on
his cock as he thrust it in brutally.  "Just gimme a second, bro," he
panted to Johnny.  "I'm gonna empty my nuts down this cocksucker's throat,
then we can talk."
     I could see Johnny move around and heard the creak of Doug's bed as he
sat on it and watched me get my mouth fucked by his blond teenage roomie.
It didn't take Doug long after that.  Apparently having an audience to
witness his domination over me turned him on even more.  After just another
minute, Doug let out a loud groan and his body stiffened, driving his cock
deep into my throat.  I felt the pulsing of his shaft and he shot his load
straight down my throat.
     Uh! Uh! Uh! Uh!  Yeah, bitch!  Swallow my fucking cum.  Fucking
cocksucker!  Drink it all!  Oh Yeahhhh!!!"  Doug's body relaxed and he
pulled his cock slowly from my mouth.  Holding the head only an inch or so
from my lips, he stroked the shaft several times until a silvery drop of
cum appeared at the slit on the head.
     "Lick it up so Johnny can see what a slut you are!" Doug demanded.  My
face flaming red, I stretched my neck out and lapped up the drop of cum
from Doug's cock.
     "Holy shit," I heard Johnny say quietly.
     Doug grabbed me by the hair and pulled me off of Johnny's bed.  He
made me stand between the beds, naked, hard cock throbbing in front of me.
He stretched out on Johnny's bed and I could see the sheen of sweat on his
smooth chest from the workout he had gotten in my mouth.  I looked over to
Johnny, he was sitting with his back against the wall on Johnny's bed, his
erection very clear through the cotton material of his shorts.  I looked at
him as he let his eyes wander up and down my body, inspecting me like a
piece of meat.  He was a handsome young man.  The exact opposite of Doug,
he had dark skin, a small moustache and goatee, and short black hair.  He
was well built, his muscled toned and his skin sleek and soft.  His brown
eyes met mine for a moment and I dropped my gaze back to the floor.
     "Fucking in good shape for a cocksucker, Doug.  I never would have
thought.  You think he'll blow me too?"
     "He's more than just a cocksucker, John my man.  He's a fucking hole.
He likes to be used, and used rough.  And he takes his orders from me.
Once he had a taste of my cock, he's been a slave for it ever since.  Hell,
he came over here and knocked on the door, asking me to fucking abuse him!
If I tell him to blow you, he'll be on his knees in an instant.  You should
have seen how much he got into licking my asshole the other day."  I was so
embarrassed I couldn't raise my gaze from the floor.
     "Holy shit!  He fucking licked your hole?  Jesus!  I never thought any
guy would ever be so low.  Hell man, I want my dick sucked too."
     "You heard the man, bitch," Doug told me.  "Get down on your knees and
treat his cock like you would mine."
     I dropped to my knees and turned to where Johnny sat on Doug's bed.
He spread his legs, allowing me access to his crotch.  As I moved closer,
Johnny reached over his shoulder and pulled his t-shirt over his head.
This revealed his muscled chest and abs.  They were covered with a light
dusting of black hairs that I found very sexy and masculine.  I had some
hair on my chest, but not as much as Johnny.  Doug, as I had explained, was
nearly hairless, though it in no way diminished his masculinity.  In fact
it was a major turn on for me.  I was now faced with a horny Latino stud
whose cock was obviously trying to burst free of his shorts.  I reached up
and undid the snap of his shorts.  He let out a moan as I slid the sipper
down.  He was wearing white boxers and he reached inside and pulled free
his cock.  It sprang up into my face.  He was thicker than Doug, and about
the same length.  Johnny immediately grabbed my head with both hands and
forced my mouth down onto his cock.
     I tasted the spicy tang of his sweat as I inhaled the musky scent of
his crotch.  Johnny was in no mood to take things slow and easy.  His hips
began thrusting up into my mouth as his hands forced my head down again and
again onto his thick pole.  He was moaning and cursing under his breath,
but apparently wasn't a talker like Doug was.  I ran my hands up onto his
flat belly, feeling the hair growing in a line up to his navel then
spreading out across his chest.  I reached his nipples and gently squeezed
them.  My saliva was dripping down to his balls as he gave me no chance to
recover from the rough mouth fucking.  All to soon for me, he began to cum.
He was much louder when he reached his orgasm.
     "Oh yeah!  You fucking cocksucker!  Take my cum!  Swallow it you
fucking bitch.  Swallow it all!  Oh god yeah!  Ahhh!  Ahhh!  Eat me,
faggot!"
     I quickly swallowed all of the hot cum that this butch Latino boy was
shooting in my mouth.  As I did it the thought crossed my mind, "I've
sucked off a second man and now Johnny is in me too."
     My own cock was still throbbing, having remained untouched as I sucked
off Johnny.  Johnny pushed me back off his cock and I fell onto my ass
between the beds.  I watched as he grabbed his shirt and wiped my spit off
his cock and balls.  His chest was still rising and falling rapidly and I
admired his sculpted form.  He looked down at me, then over at Doug.
     "Shit, buddy.  He's one fine cocksucker.  I wish I had time to have
him lick my ass, but I have to get on to my next class.  I really only
stopped in to get a book for it."  Johnny stood up, and closed up his
shorts.  I watched him walk to his closet and pull out a new t-shirt,
admiring his muscular back.
     "Too bad you have to leave, Johnny.  You could have had a crack at his
pussy.  Watching you get your rocks off has me hard again.  I'm gonna fuck
the bitch's brains out!"
     "You mean he takes it up the ass too?  God, what a fucking slut.  I'm
half tempted to blow off class and stay for that, but I can't afford to
miss this one."
     Doug ordered me up onto his bed, then climbed on behind me, preparing
to mouth me like a dog.  "Just watch for a second, it will give you
something to think about during class."  I heard Doug spit on his cock a
few times, then line it up with my hole.  With no regard to whether I was
prepared, he roughly shoved his cock into me, while Johnny stood and
watched.  He began to fuck me hard and fast.  I was no longer embarrassed
by being used by Doug in front of his roommate.  Hell, I had the teenager's
cum in my belly, there was no reason left to be embarrassed.  But Doug was
definitely putting on a show for Johnny of his domination over me.  I felt
his chest against my back as he lowered himself onto me.  His hips never
slowed in their thrusting.  His mouth was next to my ear and he told me to
jack off and catch my cum in my hand.  Johnny was still watching, one hand
rubbing his cock, which was hard again.  I knew what Doug was going to make
me do, but I was so hot that I didn't care.  It took only a few strokes for
me to bring myself off.  My whole body twitched and I moaned in pleasure as
my cum spurted into my palm.  I felt my ass clamping down hard on Doug's
large cock.
     "Watch this," he told Johnny.  Doug grabbed my wrist and moved my cum
covered hand to my mouth.  "Lick it up!" he ordered.
     I obediently licked my own sperm from my hand as Johnny watched.
     "Jesus, Doug, you really do own him."  I felt Doug flex his cock up
inside me as he confirmed Johnny's words.  My orgasm had released my sexual
tension and excitement and I felt acutely embarrassed again.  Johnny
watched for another few seconds as Doug continued to hump me, then said he
had to get to class.  I watched as he turned and walked away.  As he shut
the door behind him, Doug spoke into my ear again.
     "Now you've got two masters, faggot.  I am sure Johnny's gonna want to
be were I am right now as soon as he gets back this evening.  Now tighten
that ass up and get me off, bitch!"
     I obeyed and Doug redoubled his efforts.  Soon, he let out a roar of
triumph and began to pump my pussy full of his cum.  He kept thrusting as
he did it and my sore ass welcomed the additional lubrication of his hot
cum.  He let out another moan of pleasure and pulled his cock out of my
body.

Date: Sat, 26 Jun 1999 22:06:33 EDT
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug 4

			     Dominated by Doug
				  Part 4
				    by
			      Percxyz@aol.com

     It was morning.  I awoke and stretched in bed then sat up.  I had
classes that day and needed to take a shower and get cleaned up.  I
showered quickly been made my way to class.  I spent the majority of the
day in the library studying for my history exam.  Around dinner time I
looked up to see Doug approaching the table at which he was sitting.  I
felt my cock begin to stiffen at the site of the muscular, athletic young
blond.  I raised my eyes to meet Doug's.  Doug was staring straight at me.
His green eyes seemed to penetrate straight into my blue ones.  I dropped
my eyes from Doug's but saw a grin spread across the handsome young stud's
face as I did it.

     "So what are you doing?"  Doug asked quietly.

     "Just studying," I replied.

     "Well, shut your book I've got something for you to do."  I obediently
closed my book, keeping my eyes on the table.  As Doug sat down, I quickly
glanced at his lean body.  I felt my cock throb in my tight jeans.  Doug
just sat staring at me until I raised my eyes.  Doug leaned forward and
spoke quietly, "You are gonna go get some stuff for me."  Doug leaned back
in his chair.

     "What do you want me to get," I asked.  Doug gave me a hard stare
until I quietly mumbled "Sir."

     "That's better," Doug said with a grin.  "You know the store down on
Walnut Street?  I want you go down there and get some stuff for us to play
with tonight."

"On Walnut Street?  There are no stores on..."  I felt my face turn red.
There was only one store on Walnut Street.  It was an adult bookstore.  I
had been by it plenty of times going from the parking building to class,
but had never been in the place.  I would have been far too embarrassed to
ever enter that kind of a store.  Now, as I watched, Doug slid a small
piece of paper across the table to me.

"Pick it up and read it," Doug ordered.

I picked up the piece paper and unfolded it.  There was a short list of
items printed on the paper.  As I read through the list, I was forced to
shift in my chair to relieve the pressure on my aching cock.  I moved until
it was aimed along my left leg and dropped one hand to my lap to hide the
bulge.  I felt my face grow even redder than it had been.  Butt plug, cock
ring, vibrator, lube, tit clamps, and dildo were all listed.  Quickly
folding the paper again, I looked up at Doug.  Doug's grin was still on his
face.

     "I, I can't go in there..." I trailed off.  I knew I would go into the
store.  Doug had ordered it, so I would go in and buy the items.  I
couldn't imagine having to pay for a dildo and a butt plug, but somehow I
would manage it.  Doug watched my face and saw the rebelliousness change
into acceptance.  He smiled in satisfaction.  I found out later that Doug
had been in the store a couple of times.  He knew he could always get some
fag to blow him in the movie cubicles and before he had found me, he had
taken advantage of that several times.  Doug looked me over for a minute,
then seemed to come decision in his mind.

     "Come with me," Doug ordered.  He stood up and looked down at me
expectantly.  I gathered my books and stood, holding them in front of my
crotch to hide my hard cock.  Doug saw this and chuckled.  He turned and
began to walk towards the back of the library.  I followed him, happy to
move between the stacks of books where I was no longer visible to the other
students in the library.  I followed Doug to a stairway, then down three
levels to the basement.  In the basement, Doug led me off to the left along
the back of the library.  He stopped in front of a wooden door, then turned
and opened it.  As I followed the lean blond into the room, I saw it was a
men's bathroom.  My eyes quickly took in the scene.  Two sinks, two urinals
and two stalls.  The walls of the stalls started about eight inches from
the ceiling and ran all the way to the floor.  Doug led me over to the
stalls.  "Get in the other one," Doug ordered.

     I watched as Doug stepped into the first stall and shut the door.
Taking a deep breath, I moved into the second stall and shut the door.  I
looked over at the partition between myself and Doug and saw it was covered
in writing.  There were dates and times, even some phone numbers.  There
were drawings of cocks all over the wall and I felt my dick stiffening
again.  Then my eyes found the hole in the partition.  I moved closer to
look through and saw Doug's hands working the button and zipper of his
jeans.  As I watched, Doug pulled his still soft cock from his jockeys and
stepped closer to the partition.  I saw Doug's cock begin to lengthen.  The
harsh whisper came from the other side of the wall, "Suck it, boy!"

     Without even thinking, I dropped my books and sank to my knees in
front of the hole.  I opened my mouth and let Doug's cock slide along my
tongue and into my throat.  I could feel the beat of Doug's heart as the
cock in my mouth swelled.  I ran my tongue over the head and heard Doug's
quickly hissed intake of breath.  I set to work.  I ran my head all the way
down, taking Doug as deeply as I could and getting the shaft of his dick
wet with my spit.  Then my forehead hit the partition.  That brought me
back to reality.  I was on my knees in the men's room of the library
sucking the cock of another guy!  Anyone could walk in at any time!  But I
knew I couldn't stop now.  Doug wanted me to get him off.  Doug wanted to
cum in my mouth.  Until that happened, I knew I would be on my knees in
this room.  I set to work even more ferociously and felt Doug's body
respond.

     From the other side of the partition, I heard Doug moan a bit, then
whisper again.  "Suck it, faggot.  Eat my fucking cock."  Doug's hips were
moving now, forcing his cock in and out of my mouth.  I knew the signs very
well.  Doug was about to cum.  With a loud moan, Doug let loose, his thick
cream spurting onto my tongue, coating it.  I lapped at the head, sucking
down Doug's hot cum as fast as he could produce it.  I swallowed a second
time and heard Doug sigh in satisfaction.  I realized that I was rubbing my
own cock through my jeans and was close to cumming myself.  I pulled my
hand away and concentrated on milking the big cock filling my mouth.  After
a few seconds, Doug stepped back, pulling his softening dick out of my
mouth.  I leaned back a bit, panting.  Then I heard the outer door open.
Two male voices came from over the stall partitions, talking about
sociology.
     
     I clapped a hand over my mouth, to stifle the sound of my heavy
breathing.  Through the hole in the partition, I saw Doug slowly zipping up
his jeans, as if there was no one else in the room.  I heard the urinals
flush and the water run at the sinks, then the door opened again and the
voices disappeared.  Still on my knees, I saw Doug step to the door and
open it.  I scrambled to my feet and left the stall.  Doug was standing a
few feet away, a self-satisfied smirk on his face.

     "You did a good job, boy.  I almost asked those two dudes if they
wanted a crack at you, but you've got some business to take care of for
me."  Doug ran his eyes up and down my body.  "You're hard still,
cocksucker.  That's good.  Now I want you to go to the store and get the
stuff on the list."  He turned and walked over to the sink.  "Oh, and by
the way, I told some of my buddies that my cocksucker would be there today
at five.  That gives you about fifteen minutes to get there.  I'm not sure
how many will show up, but I want you to treat them right.  The back room
where you watch the porn flicks have walls with glory holes like the one
you just blew me through.  I want you to take care of the studs.  You know
what to do now.  So get you're butt out of here and when you are done, come
straight to my dorm room.  Johnny won't be home until late, so we will have
plenty of time for some fun."  Doug walked out of the men's room.

     I waited a second, then went over to the sink.  I looked in the mirror
and saw that my face was flushed from the effort that I had put into making
Doug cum.  I took a minute to clean up wondering if people could smell
Doug's cum on my breath, then left the library.  I passed the dorm on the
way to Walnut Street and dropped off my books.  Seth was there and I told
him I was going out for a while.  He was studying and didn't say much.  I
left quickly and began the walk to the bookstore.  It took about ten
minutes, but all too soon, I found myself at the corner of Walnut Street.
The bookstore was halfway up the block on the left.  I tried to imagine
myself walking into the place, but kept watching the people on the street,
driving or walking by me.  How many would see me go in?  What would they
think?  Then I thought of the list that was in my pocket and felt my cock
begin to grow again.  Screwing up my courage, I quickly walked up the
street and turned into the bookstore.

     I opened the door and quickly stepped inside.  There was a high
counter running along the right hand side of the store with a handsome man
sitting on a stool behind it.  I looked at him for a second and watched as
he ran his eyes over my body.  I felt myself starting to blush, so I moved
further into the store.  There were racks of books and magazines standing
in the middle of the store in rows.  Along the walls were all types of sex
toys and a whole wall of VHS movies.  On the right wall was a doorway,
which I assumed led to the movie booths which Doug had mentioned.
Fortunately, other than the man working in the store, I was the only person
there.  I walked back through the racks of magazines.  They showed men and
women in various positions having sex.  As I neared the back, I reached the
gay section.  There were all types of pictures on the fronts of the
magazines.  One showed a large black man pinning a smaller white man on a
bed on his back, his large black cock shoved halfway up inside the white
guy.  My cock was rock hard now.  I looked around and saw the guy behind
the counter wasn't watching me, so I slid my hands into my jeans and pulled
my cock up towards my belly, relieving some of the pressure.

     I moved to the wall and looked at all of the different dildoes, butt
plugs, vibrators and other items.  Them walked to the entry to the movie
booths.  As I approached, the man behind the counter called out to me that
I would need to buy tokens to watch the movies.  Nervously, I walked up and
handed him a five dollar bill.  He gave me twenty tokens.  I noticed that
he was a good looking guy, about 23 or 24, with curly black hair and a sexy
build.  I quickly gathered up the tokens and moved into the back area.  On
the wall was a glassed box with the covers of the various movies that were
being shown in the booths.  About half were all male, the rest were
straight or were even more bizarre than I had imagined.  One showed either
a guy or a girl, with both breasts and a cock.  I noted the numbers of some
of the movies showing the hottest looking guys and turned to start down the
passage to a booth.  Suddenly one of the doors to a booth opened and a
muscular young man about my own age stepped out.  He immediately began to
stare at me, openly checking me out.

     I found myself doing the same to him.  He was certainly a handsome
specimen of young male sexuality.  He was dressed in a muscle t-shirt and
had the body to wear it with pride.  While I was toned, as was Doug and
Johnny, this guy was obviously more of a body builder.  Even through the
shirt, I could see the outline of his pecs and his washboard abs.  He had
sandy brown hair, parted on one side and cut fairly short.  The muscles of
his thighs were very developed and caught my attention briefly before my
eyes found his crotch.  The young man was obviously hard.  I could see the
outline of his cock through the cotton material of the khaki shorts he was
wearing.  He must have been watching a movie in a booth and jacking off his
cock.  He moved closer to me and I figured he must have been one of the
friends that Doug had told me about earlier.  I was still in front of the
movie listing and he came over and stood next to me.  Just the nearness of
this sexy young man had my body responding.

     "So, dude, what do you think of number ten?" he asked, referring to
one of the movies showing.  The picture on the front of the box showed a
young blond guy, on his knees sucking off another young man with reddish
hair.

     "Pretty hot, man," I replied.

     "You into that?  You wanna be in the position the blond guy is in?"
He turned to me and rubbed his crotch openly.  "You wanna suck my cock,
guy?"  I could only nod, not trusting my voice.  "Then get in booth number
three over there.  Now."  I obeyed, stepping into the booth.  I thought he
would follow me in, but he moved into the booth next to me and I heard the
door shut.  I shut my own door and dropped some tokens into the machine.  I
heard him doing the same, then saw the light from his TV shining through a
hole at crotch level.  I knew then what was expected of me.  Glancing at
the picture on my screen, I saw a young guy bent over a motorcycle.  He was
getting fucked up the ass by a handsome man while another fucked the guy's
mouth at the same time.  My hand found my cock and I began to rub it
through the denim of my jeans as I watched the man get taken at both ends.
Suddenly I heard a rapping and looked at the glory hole.  The guy on the
other side had knocked on the edge of the hole to get my attention.
Without much thought, I squatted down in front of the hole, much as I had
done just a bit earlier for Doug.  The guy already had his cock out of his
shorts.
     
     As I watched, he leaned down a bit and saw my face at the hole.
Satisfied, he stood up again and stepped forward, his cock sliding through
the hole in the wall.  I only debated for a second.  He was a stranger, but
he was very sexy.  I moved my head forward and took him in my mouth.  I
began to slowly work my way down his shaft, pulling back a bit, then taking
more.  Soon his cock was completely wet with my spit and I began to slide
up and down it as I had done for Doug so many times.  The guy tasted good.
His cock was thick, but not as long as Doug's so I had no trouble taking
it.  I was busy bobbing my head up and down his cock, so intent on my job
that I didn't notice that the movie in my booth had cut off.  Suddenly the
guy jerked his dick out of my mouth and his face appeared at the glory
hole.  For a brief second, I thought he might want to suck me.  "Drop some
more tokens, you stupid cocksucker!" he growled.  "Otherwise the guy out
front will be in here banging on the door in no time.  I only need about
four more tokens and I'll blow my load."

     I dropped the tokens into the slot and went back to work on the teen's
cock.  True to his word, within about a minute I heard a groan from the
other side of the wall that was louder than that coming from the TV.
Spurts of cum shot from the guy's cock, filling my mouth.  Trained as I had
been by Doug, I meekly swallowed the young man's cum, drinking it down.
After five or six shots, the guy was finished.  He pulled his cock back
through the hole and I watched as he zipped up his shorts.  He leaned down
again.  "Good job, faggot."  I saw the light coming through the hole
increase as he opened the door and left.  I was still stroking my own cock
through my jeans.  Now I opened them up, undoing the buttons and pulled my
dick free.  I turned my attention back to the screen.  It showed one young
guy being blown by another, so I hit the button to scroll through the other
movies.  I didn't even pause on the straight movies as I would have once
done, but went only for the all male shows.  Suddenly I clicked onto one
showing a black guy pushing a blond white boy onto his knees.  As the big
black cock slid into the blond's throat, I began to jerk my cock more
seriously.  I watched the oral action, getting closer to my orgasm, when
the movie shut off.  I had to fish in my pocket for the last of my tokens.

     When I got the movie back on, it showed the black man taking the
blond's ass doggie style.  This really turned me on and I watched as the
black man fucked hard and fast.  He was calling the white boy his bitch,
just like Doug did to me, and that was enough to bring me off.  Moaning a
bit, I shot my wad onto the floor.  I was panting now and sat back,
catching my breath.  I buttoned up my jeans and watched as the black man
pulled his cock out of the white boy and shot his load all over his back.
A few seconds later, the screen went dead again.  I got up, planning to
leave.  I made it to the entry to the back room of movie booths when
suddenly I remembered Doug's list.

     I pulled it out, still out of view of the main room.  Butt plug,
dildo, vibrator, cock ring, lube, leather cuffs and tit clamps.  I had seen
most of the stuff on the wall, but not all of it.  I stepped out into the
main room and the guy behind the counter watched me as I moved to the other
side of the store.  I looked over the dildoes.  There were ones that were
made to look like cocks and others that were smooth plastic.  One of these
was also a vibrator.  I grabbed a medium thickness dildo, made to look like
a real cock, then a smooth butt plug with a strap.  The vibrator I got was
one to be used on a cock, to stimulate a guy without any effort on his
part.  The leather cuffs were on a rack next to me and I picked out a black
pair that had a link in the middle which would allow them to be connected.
The lube was on a shelf nearby and I grabbed a bottle of something called
"Wet", then looked for the tit clamps.  I didn't see anything meeting that
description.  I held all of my items and moved through the store again, the
guy behind the counter still watching me.  I knew I would soon have to face
him, and buy all of this stuff from him.  When I glanced over, I saw that
there was a display case in the counter.  I walked over to it and looked
inside.

     "That all you need, boy?"  the guy asked.  "You sure got plenty there.
All for you?  I bet it is.  Judging by how happy that boy looked who left
here a few minutes ago, you must be pretty good with your mouth." He
chuckled as I blushed.

     "N-no, sir, I need some tit clamps, too."  He grinned at me and moved
down the counter and pointed.  I saw what he was showing me.  Metal and
plastic clamps, connected with chains, for the most part.

     "How much can you take, boy?"

     "Umm...what do you mean?"
     
     "Never mind.  I can tell you are fresh meat.  I will get you an
adjustable set, but ones that won't get too tight.  Unless you're gonna use
them on yourself?"  I shook my head.  "Didn't think so," he continued.  He
reached into the case and pulled out a set of smooth metal clamps that had
small screws on them.  He explained that they could be tightened, but not
too much.  "The guy who puts these on you will have plenty of fun with
them, don't worry."  I blushed again.  As he rang up the purchases, he said
"I wouldn't mind trying out those sweet lips of yours sometime, boy.  Just
stop in sometime around 10 p.m.  That is when I get off work."  I paid
quickly and grabbed the brown paper bag.

     I slipped out of the store and no one seemed to pay any attention to
me.  I walked quickly until I was well away from the store, then tried to
act like I was just carrying groceries or hardware.  Before I knew it, I
was back at the dorm.  I went up to Doug's room and knocked on the door.
He answered, wearing nothing but a pair of tight boxers.  The sight of his
beautiful body was enough to get my dick stirring again.  I was suddenly
aware that I was responding now more to other men than to women, sexually.
Just the sight of Doug nearly naked had me excited and horny.  He took in
the sight of me with the bag in my hands and ordered me into the room.  I
stepped inside and he closed and locked the door.

     "Strip, bitch," came the familiar command.  I quickly shed all of my
clothing and stood before him, naked and already hard.  I had cum not less
than fifteen minutes before, but being in Doug's presence and once again
submitting to his will had me hard as a rock.  Doug was rummaging through
the brown paper bag, pulling out the items I had bought.  He set them out
on his desk, then looked at me.  "Good job, faggot.  What happened at the
store?"

     I told him about meeting his buddy back in the booths and giving him a
blow job through the glory hole like he had ordered me to do.  Doug burst
out laughing.  I was confused and watched him laugh so hard that tears
began to drip down his cheeks.  Finally he regained his composure and
looked up at me, wiping his cheeks.  "You blew a guy in the booths?"

     "Yes, Sir," I answered, still confused.

     "I didn't tell any of my buddies to be there, you dumb bitch.  You
just blew some complete stranger.  Sucked off a guy neither one of us has
even seen before in our lives.  Did you even get his name?  Did you swallow
his load?"

     I was shocked.  "No, sir, I didn't get his name, and yes, I swallowed
his cum, sir."

     "Perfect!  I knew you would find some guy to blow.  Now you've got a
belly full of cum from the balls of a guy whose name you don't even know.
You are turning into one helluva cock slut, Clay."  I hung my head, ashamed
of what he had tricked me into doing.

     "Now it is time for use to use some of these toys that you bought and
I will add a couple of loads to the one that guy already deposited. Sound
good to you, cocksucker?"

     "Yes," I mumbled.

     Doug was up and grabbed my chin with his hand, forcing my face up.
His own face was just inches from mine.  "What did you say, faggot?"

     "Yes, Sir!" I replied.  He released my face.

     "That's better, bitch.  Don't you forget your place in this room.  I
own you, cock, ass, mouth and all.  You are here to please me and don't you
ever forget it!"

     "Yes, Sir!" I replied again.  This was the Doug I knew.  Dominant,
aggressive and completely male.  Doug grabbed the cuffs and put them on
first my right wrist, and then the left.  He examined the clasp, then
pulled my arms behind me and hooked the cuffs together.  Once again, I
found myself as the bondage fuck slave of this eighteen year old stud.  I
watched as he examined the cock ring.  I thought he would use it on me, but
to my surprise, he stripped off his boxers and secured it around his own
cock and balls.  I watched as his cock hardened, getting redder and larger
than I had ever seen it before.  My mouth began to water at the sight of
him, naked and hard.

     Doug picked up the butt plug and pulled it out of the package.  It was
about 4 inches long, got very wide, then narrowed down to about half an
inch, before widening again to a very thin inch, which I guess was to keep
it from sliding completely inside.  I tried to imagine the smooth plastic
sliding up into my ass.  It was wider than Doug's cock, but I figured I
could handle it.  To my surprise, Doug stepped up to me and began to push
the plug between my lips.  I opened my mouth obediently and the plug slid
in until my lips closed around the narrow portion.  Doug then tied the
leather straps around the back of my head, stretching the corners of my
mouth and holding the plug securely in place.  I couldn't believe what was
happening to me.  But it was only the beginning.

     Next, Doug got the tit clamps.  He attached the first one to my right
nipple and I moaned through the plug in my mouth in pain.  He screwed up
the tightness a bit, but it never got unbearable.  Then he attached the
second clamp to my left nipple, tightening it as well.  The pain was
intense again briefly, but like the right nipple, it soon somehow began to
feel good.  I tried to imagine what I looked like, hands secured behind me,
mouth filled with a plug, lips stretched by the straps and tit clamps
hanging from my nipples connected by a metal chain.  I watched for a minute
as Doug walked to his desk and opened the drawer.  He pulled out a piece of
short brown leather.  At first I didn't recognize it.  Then, as he
approached with it, I realized it was a dog collar.  Unable to resist, I
stood there as he secured the collar around my throat.  Then Doug grabbed
the chain hanging from my nipples and pulled me into the bedroom.  He led
me in front of the mirror on his closet door.

     The sight of myself, trussed up as a slave in a dog collar, with all
the other items, made my cock even harder than it had been.  Doug had
mentally dominated me, then physically dominated me by penetrating both my
mouth and ass with his cock.  He had physically restrained me before with
his socks, using one as a gag and another to bind my wrists, but now, I
looked like some complete sex shop whore like in one of the magazines,
ready to be used at his whim.  I realized that was exactly what I was.  The
thought of this new, total submission to Doug's will made me even more
eager to please him.  Doug left me to admire his handiwork for a moment and
returned with the lube.  I watched as he rubbed the lube onto his cock,
then stepped behind me.  Doug moved in close, running his hands over my
body, exploring it again as he had done before.  He felt anywhere he
wanted, and I was powerless to do anything about it.  Finally he moved a
bit closer and I felt his cock sliding towards my ass, parting the muscles
of my ass cheeks.  Doug kicked the insides of my ankles until I had spread
my legs enough to please him.  He pushed me forward a bit until I was
leaning at a slight angle.  Then I felt the head of his thick cock lodge
against my hole.

     Doug reached around me and grabbed the chain connecting the clamps on
my nipples.  He began to pull downward.  The strain on my nipples caused me
to bend my knees to relieve it and as I did, I lowered myself onto his
cock.  Doug was forcing me to fuck myself with his dick, while totally in
bondage!  I sank lower, feeling Doug's thick shaft entering me as I did so.
I moaned even more as the familiar feeling of Doug's penetration of my body
continued.  He had taken another step in turning me into his total slut.

     As I lowered myself onto his cock, he looked over my shoulder,
watching me in the mirror.  As our eyes met, he said, "That's it, bitch.
Fuck yourself on my pole.  Fuck yourself with my cock.  Work me until you
make me shoot my hot load up inside your tight hole, you cunt.  Oh yeah.
That feels damn good!"  He stopped pulling down on the chain when his pubes
were against my ass and I raised up until just the head of his cock
remained in me, then Doug used the chain to pull me back down.  He set up
my rhythm this way until I was using the muscles of my legs to fuck myself
up and down on his cock.  He kept calling me names as I worked to make him
cum.  My legs were tiring after about five minutes of this action.  I
worked out, was in good shape, but had never been put through this type of
a workout.  And still his words "cocksucker, cunt, bitch, slut, whore,
faggot, pussyboy" echoed in my ears.  I watched his face, still admiring
his handsome features, even as he abused my body and mind, trying to give
him enough pleasure to make him fill me with his cum.  As I began to tire
even more, Doug reached in front of me and grabbed my cock.  His hand still
had lube on it and he began to stroke my cock.  My whole body reacted and
my movement on his cock increased in speed.

     The feelings coursing through my cock and my entire body caused my as
to clamp even harder on Doug's invading dick.  With his other hand, Doug
began to rub my balls.  I knew I was about to cum.  As a freshman, I was
taking psychology and I knew that his causing my orgasm while in bondage
and with his cock fucking me was a form of conditioning.  I was learning
more and more to associate getting my sexual pleasure by providing Doug
with his, but I was too far gone to care.  I focused my eyes on his face in
the mirror.  His blond hair was damp with sweat and his face was flushed.
With that sight in my eyes, I shot my load.  It was the best orgasm of my
life.  Hands bound behind me, mouth stuffed with a butt plug and ass filled
with his hard, throbbing cock, I shot so hard that I hit the mirror in
front of us.  My orgasm drained me and Doug wrapped his muscular arms
around my chest.  I let my head drop forward and admired the muscles and
veins in his forearms as they flexed as he held me, impaled on his cock.
With a few strokes of his dick into me, Doug let go with his own orgasm,
filling my guts once again with his seed.

     Doug pumped in and out through his orgasm, then rammed in deeply,
holding his cock inside me.  I raised my head and my eyes met his in the
mirror.  As I watched him, he pulled his cock out of me slowly.  I felt his
arms release me and I sank to my knees in front of the mirror.  I felt Doug
untie the strap holding the plug in place in my mouth and pull it free.  I
gasped a few deep breaths.  Then Doug ordered me to lick up my own cum from
the mirror and his floor.  It was difficult, with my arms still bound
behind me, but I managed to obey him.  When I was finished, Doug grabbed a
fistful of my hair and pulled me to his bed.  He unhooked my wrists and
pushed me onto the bed on my back.  I saw that he was still hard.

     "You want it again, boy?  You want me to fuck your tight little cunt
again with my big cock?  You're on your back now.  You want me to take you
like a woman and fuck you like the bitch that you are?"

     "Yes, Doug, Sir.  Please fuck me again, Sir.  Please mount me like a
bitch and fuck me any way you want.  Please sir.  I want to feel you cum in
me again."

     Doug grinned his sexy grin again and lifted my legs.  With one quick
thrust, he penetrated me completely, his eyes locked onto mine.  I felt as
if his eyes were fucking my eyes even as his cock fucked my boypussy.  He
still had the grin on his face and I realized that when he flashed me that
sexy grin, I would do anything this hot young man asked me to do.

     "You like the humiliation, boy, don't you?  You like to feel used.
You like to have a real man abuse your body and use it for his pleasure.
Admit it."

     "Yes, Sir.  I enjoy the humiliation you put me through.  I like when
you put me into bondage.  I like when you cum in my mouth and ass.  I loved
it when you made me suck you in the public men's room.  I don't know how,
but you have made me into a total cock loving bitch, Sir.  Please don't
stop fucking me."

     "Don't worry about that, bitch.  I'm gonna keep fucking you.  At least
tonight.  But I have another surprise for you.  You're gonna love this."

     As he said this, the door to the communal bathroom swung open and I
realized that it had been open partway when Doug had shoved me onto the bed
and probably the whole time I had been in his room.  Doug had his cheek
next to mine and I was looking down his well muscled back, past his butt
which was rising and falling as he thrust into me and saw my roommate,
Seth, step into the room.  His eyes were wide as he took in the scene.
There I was, his macho roommate, on my back with a dog collar around my
throat, cuffs on my wrist and an eighteen year old stud humping me like a
two bit whore.  I could tell from his expression that he had heard every
word I had just said.  All of my admissions to Doug that I was his slut and
his whore.  Doug suddenly pulled his cock out of me and climbed off the
bed, leaving me there on my back, legs spread.  My hard cock said
everything that my words hadn't.
     "Holy shit," Seth said.  "I thought you were fucking with me, Doug.  I
never would have thought a guy like Clay, who's fucked a dozen chicks this
semester would really be a cock loving faggot!"

     Seth was wearing a white t-shirt and running shorts and his cock was
readily visible through the parachute material.  I knew that I would soon
be tasting my roommate's cum and would feel him mount me before this night
was over.  I looked over at Doug.  He had set me up, made me admit all
those things with Seth just outside the door, but still the sight of him
made me so horny that I forgave him immediately.  I shifted my eyes back to
my roommie, noticing again how sexy he was and watched as he stripped his
t-shirt off over his head.  I wondered what all the two of them had planned
for me for the rest of the night.
Date: Tue, 7 Sep 1999 23:31:35 EDT
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug 5

			     Dominated by Doug
				  Part 5
				    by
			      Percxyz@aol.com

     While I watched Seth strip off his t-shirt, Doug moved to the head of
the bed and grabbed both of my wrists.  I was still fascinated by the sight
of my roommate stripping and didn't pay attention to what Doug was doing.
I had seen Seth's chest a thousand times before, and I had seen him
completely naked, but this was much different from any of those times.
Suddenly I heard a small click and realized that Doug had moved my hands to
the bar of the bed, the right over the top and the left under the bar and
then clipped the two leather wrist cuffs together, effectively tying my
hands to the bed.  I had lowered my legs when Doug pulled out of me, but my
rock hard cock was leaking precum and gave away my enjoyment at being used
by Doug as a sex toy.  I watched even more closely as Seth stripped off his
jeans.  He was wearing a pair of boxers underneath, but they quickly hit
the floor and Seth was then naked, like Doug and myself.  I saw his cock
was still somewhat soft, but it was definitely on the rise.  I had seen
Seth's dick in our rooms over the past few months.  Before Doug had shown
me the pleasure I got from submitting to a dominant male, I had merely
glanced at it.  I was interested, but never planned to act on any desires I
had.  After that first weekend with Doug, I had taken a greater interest in
my roommate's body, but had never had the chance to see him hard.  When he
had a chick over for a night, he would put a tie on the door handle to warn
me not to come in until he was finished.  I had spent plenty of nights
sleeping next to him and some girl, but hadn't been in the room while he
fucked her.
     Now, Seth stood proudly in front of me, his cock fully risen.  I
stared at it admiringly.  Seth was a well built young man, but wasn't
developed like I was.  I knew he had always been kind of envious of my body
and my muscles, but in a good natured kind of way.  I had greatly enjoyed
his company since we had become roommates and had admired him even more
after my initial submission to Doug.  I hadn't even figured there was a
chance of me getting together with him.  While Doug was by far the most
successful of the guys in my suite with the girls, Seth was pretty
successful too.  I had always figured on him being completely straight.
His never wanting me in the room when he was with a girl had me convinced
of his lack of interest in guys.  Now, he stood in front of me, toned and
muscled and very hard.  As I watched, he ran his eyes up and down my body,
taking in the collar, nipple clamps and my spread legs.  Then he raised his
head a bit and his eyes met mine.
     "You cocksucking faggot!  I can't believe that I had to find out that
you were a cocksucker from Doug!"  I was surprised.  Seth seemed to be
really angry.  "He told me this morning that you were his personal faggot
and I didn't believe him.  Now I come in here and he's got his cock so far
up your ass it's almost coming out your mouth.  And he tells me you've been
letting him plug you for weeks!"
     "Well, ummm, Seth, I..."
     "Shut up, faggot!  You could have been sucking my cock all those days
when I didn't have a chick to fuck.  You could have been bending over for
me too.  But instead, you leave me to beat my meat and come over here to
suck off Doug.  Well, now you are gonna make up for your lack of
attention."  Seth climbed onto the bed, using his knees to spread my legs
apart.  I looked over at Doug, who was sitting on the bed across from us
indian-style with his back against the wall.  His cock was still rock hard
and pointing straight toward the ceiling.  I looked up to his face and saw
his eyes were on Seth and me, taking in the scene.  I saw Doug grab his
cock and begin to slowly stroke it before Seth got my attention again.  He
had grabbed each of my ankles with a hand and was lifting them.  I looked
down again at his cock.  It was around 6 or 7 inches long and very thick in
the middle.  I looked up at my roommate's face.  His eyes were narrowed and
he still had a mean look playing on his face.
     "I'm gonna have to punish you a bit for not offering me your services
when you should have, cocksucker.  Doug and I talked it over and decided on
what would be best.  We figured the embarrassment of me catching you on
your back with another guy's cock up your ass was a good start, but Doug
suggested something more was in order.  And you are about to pay for
ignoring me."  Seth looked over to Doug.  "What did you call it, Doug?"
     "A grudge fuck, dude."
     "That's it."  Seth looked me straight in the eye.  "I'm gonna give you
a grudge fuck, boy.  It's gonna be something you'll never forget."  Seth
began to push his hips forward.  I realized that he hadn't put any lube on
his cock, not even spit.
     "Please, Seth, put some lube on your dick!  Spit on it or something,"
I begged.
     "No way, fuckboy.  You're gonna take it dry.  That'll teach ya not to
ignore me again."  He shoved harder and his cock stretched open my hole.
It was painful, but since Doug had already been fucking me, there was some
lubrication.  I groaned as the inches of his cock slid deeper and deeper
into me.  I saw Seth grin with satisfaction.  Then, finally, Seth had all
of his cock buried inside me.  He began to pull back and I could feel that
his cock was now fully lubed.  I moaned again with his next thrust, but
more in pleasure than in pain.  I watched the lusty look on his handsome
face as he began to pound into me.
     "Take it.  Take my cock, faggot!  Yeah, open up for me just like the
cock loving fuckboy that you are.  Oh yeah!  You're nice and tight,
pussyboy.  I'm gonna have to fuck you a lot after this.  Take me, bitch.
Take my fucking cock up your tight ass.  Yeaaaah, that's right.  Squeeze my
cock with your ass, fuckboy.  That's the way.  Keep it clamped down.  Make
me feel good, faggot.  Make me cum.  I'm gonna shoot my wad up inside your
boy pussy.  Oh yeah, not much longer now."
     "Do it to him hard, Seth," Doug said.  He leaned forward and unhooked
my wrists so that they were free.  Seth looked over at him, still humping
me.  "Make him jack off while you fuck him, dude.  Make him blow his load
with your dick inside him," Doug told Seth.  Seth looked down at me.
     "You heard the man!  Jack off that faggot cock of yours, fuckboy.  I
wanna feel your ass clamp down tight when you shoot your load.  I wanna
look you in the eye when you cum with my cock stuck up inside you.  Now do
it!"  It was an order that I was happy to obey.  I reached down with my
right hand and grabbed my hard cock and began to stroke it.  I let my left
hand run up Seth's arm to his muscular shoulder and felt the power there.
When he didn't object, I ran my hand along his side and back, feeling his
body and muscles flexing as he pounded into me.  I was ready to cum almost
immediately from the power I could feel in the young man's body.
     "Oh, god.  I'm gonna cum!" I yelled.
     "Look at me," Seth demanded.
     I looked up into his blue eyes and found them staring straight into my
own.  He seemed to try to been penetrating me with his eyes as well as with
his cock.  My eyes locked onto his, my ass impaled on his huge cock, I
began to cum.  I let out a small moan of pleasure and my cock began to
shoot my juice.  The first spurt hit Seth's abs and my chest.  The rest
began to rain onto my own abs.  Seth had never stopped his pumping.
     "Oh fuck yeah!  That is great!  Your ass is squeezing my cock each
time you shoot, fuckboy.  Yeah.  I'm almost there.  Gonna fill you with my
seed, faggot.  Oh yeah!  I'm cumming!"
     Seth's eyes were still locked onto mine.  I watched his face as he
reached his own orgasm.  I could feel his cock pulsing inside me, filling
my guts with his cum.  His blue eyes stared straight into mine, watching my
reactions as he came inside me.  After ten or fifteen seconds, Seth was
finished.  He let out a ragged breath and raised himself up some.  His cock
was still up inside me.  I felt him pull it out slowly, enjoying the last
of the pleasurable sensations my body was providing for his.  Then Seth
leaned back on his knees and let my legs drop to either side of him.  I
looked at his cock and realized that it wasn't noticeably softer.  Seth had
worked up a sweat fucking me, and if it had been Doug, I knew I would have
been put to work licking his body clean.  But Seth stood up and looked at
Doug.
     "You gonna finish in him now?"
     "Yeah."
     "I'll be right back."  Seth grabbed a towel and went into the
bathroom.  He pulled the connecting door shut, but it remained unlocked.  I
heard the shower start as Doug moved onto the bed.  I looked up at the
blond's handsome face.
     "Doggie-style, fuckboy.  I think I like that name for you.  Fuckboy.
Describes you perfectly.  Now get into position!"
     I scrambled around on the bed until I was on my hands and knees in the
middle of it.  Without and warning, Doug roughly shoved his thick meat back
into me.  I moaned with pleasure.  As Doug began to slowly fuck me, the
running water stopped.  Seconds later, Seth came back through the door,
shutting and locking it behind him.  His hair was wet and he looked even
sexier to me than before, if that was possible.
     "Get in front, dude," Doug suggested.  "Let's both do him at the same
time."
     "Sounds good to me."  Seth climbed onto the bed on his knees in front
of me.  This put his cock right at the level of my head.  He grabbed my
head with both hands and roughly pushed the head of his cock between my
lips.  I licked at it, coating it with spit.  Slowly but steadily Seth
forced more and more of his cock into my mouth.  The head hit the entrance
to my throat but Seth didn't stop.  I choked some as his cock forced my
throat to stretch, but weeks of taking Doug's cock had taught me how to
suppress the reaction.  Finally, my nose was buried in Seth's dark brown
pubes.
     "Got it all in Doug."  I felt Doug shove forward until his cock was
completely inside me too.
     "Me too, man.  Now the fuckboy has over a foot of cock inside him.
Think he likes it?"
     "I bet his does.  Check him and see."
     Doug reached underneath me and I felt his hand grab my rock hard cock.
I was past blushing or embarrassment.  I had two men inside me and my cock
was hard, but that seemed to be right.
     "The faggot is hard as steel, man.  He loves getting it at both ends!
This dude was made to be used by real men like us.  Shit, he cums when he
gets fucked and we cum when we fuck him, so it works perfectly.  Now, let's
really put it to him."
     With that, they both set up a pattern.  At first they timed their
thrusts into me at the same time.  I was penetrated by both their cocks at
once, feeling myself get filled in both mouth and ass.  Then they would
withdraw, leaving me feeling empty.  Soon their thrust were speeding up and
they changed the pattern.  As Doug rammed into me, Seth would pull his cock
out of my throat.  Then as Seth sank back into my face, Doug would pull his
cock almost completely free.  I was lost in the sensation of the two big
dicks plugging me again and again in different patterns.  I moved my left
hand down to stroke myself as the two teenage studs used me, but Doug
slapped my wrist hard.  Apparently I was not allowed any sexual pleasure at
this point except that which I got from the two stud's cocks inside me.  I
lowered my hand back to the bed to support myself.  My lips were numb from
the friction of Seth's steely cock pumping in and out.  My ass felt sore,
but Doug was still reaming me out good.  I concentrated and squeezed down
on his cock.  Doug let out a moan of pleasure.
     "That's it fuckboy," Doug hissed.  "Work my cock.  Make me cum,
faggot.  Make me shoot my hot load up inside your boy pussy.  Ohhh, fuck
yeah!  That's right cocksucker.  Milk my meat and suck off your roomie's
dick.  Suck him real good so that he gives you a nice hot reward.  Oh fuck
yeah.  I'm getting close, dude," Doug said to Seth.
     "Me too," Seth panted.  He had his hands firmly holding my head in
place as his hips thrust forward and back.  My nose was buried in his pubes
one second and the next I was looking down the length of his shaft at the
light brown wiry hair.  Seth sunk his cock into my mouth and held it there.
I felt him flex his abs and his cock twitched in my mouth.  "Fuck yeah! I'm
gonna cum, man.  Gonna make this cocksucker drink my juice.  Oh god yeah!
Take it sucker.  Take my fucking cum!"
     Seth's cock let loose deep in my throat.  I felt the shaft expand as
the first volley of cum shot through it and out the tip.  I could feel his
hot cum coat the back of my throat.  Then Seth pulled forward and held the
head of his cock on my tongue.  I used my tongue to lick at the head of his
spurting cock, tasting the salty cum and it left his body.
     "Don't swallow it yet, cocksucker.  Hold my cum in your mouth!" Seth
ordered.  I let my mouth fill with the rest of the spurts of his cum.  At
the same time I realized that Doug was cumming.  The familiar moan of
pleasure came from deep in his broad chest, almost a growl.  His strong
hands clamped onto my shoulders and I felt him pulling me backwards.  His
cock sank into me as deeply as it could and Doug punctuated his orgasm.
     "Uhh!  Uhh! Uhh! Uhhh!"  I crouched there, on my hands and knees like
a dog, mouth full of one teenage stud's cum while the blond filled me with
his seed.  After a moment, Doug collapsed onto my back, his sweaty chest
rubbing against my skin.  Seth had pulled his cock from my mouth and
settled back onto the bed.
     "Open you mouth and let me see," Seth ordered.  I obeyed, my mouth
still full of his cum.  He laughed when he saw it.  "You've got a mouthful
of me, fuckboy.  How does it taste?"
     Doug's strong hand suddenly gripped my chin and he twisted my head to
the side until he could look into my mouth as well.  "Hot damn!  A mouthful
of cum.  What a pussyboy!  Swallow it, faggot.  Show us how much you like
what we're doing to ya.  Drink down that real man's cum!"
     I obeyed without question, savoring the flavor of my roommate's sperm
as it slid down my throat.  Seth watched me closely, a smirk on his face,
obviously enjoying watching another guy drink his cum.  I was bigger than
Seth, and had always kind of ruled the roost in our dorm room.  I knew that
had changed forever.  Here I was, the more muscular and athletic of the two
and I was drinking this dude's cum like it was milk.  I felt humiliated,
but also excited.  My cock was still hard and I desperately wanted to shoot
my own load.
     Doug suddenly raised himself off my back and I felt his cock slide out
of me.  I heard myself let out a small whimper as I was left feeling
completely empty.  Doug heard me and chuckled, then grabbed me by the hair
and pulled me up until I was standing in front of him.  He smacked my cock,
hard, making me moan again.  His eyes stared deep into mine for a second,
until I dropped my gaze.  "Let's get cleaned up, fuckboy, then we might let
you take care of this problem."  He smacked my cock again.  Seth leaned
back on the bed and watched as Doug removed the collar and other toys he
had used on me.  He let them drop to the floor.
     "Why do you use all that on him?" Seth asked.
     Doug shot him a grin.  "Because I can, dude.  Because I can."
     Doug pulled me into the bathroom.  I was glad the other guys were out
for the evening.  Doug shoved me into the shower and turned on the water.
A blast of cold made me yelp in surprise, but Doug adjusted the temperature
and stepped in with me.  He handed me a bar of soap.
     "I know you would prefer to use your tongue to get me clean, wouldn't
you?" I nodded when he paused and a smile lit up his handsome face.  I felt
weak in his presence.  "I thought so, but this time, use the soap and get
both of us clean."  He stood there in the spray of the shower, like some
Greek sculpture brought to life and let me soap him up.  I ran my hands
over the muscles of his shoulders and arms, admiring the steely hard
strength in them.  Then I soaped his chest and abs.  His cock stirred
slightly as I soaped his crotch, but didn't rise to full mast.  He pushed
me to my knees and I washed his legs, then each of his feet.  Doug turned
around and I stood and began to scrub his back.  I admired the powerful
expanse of his shoulders and the tapered form of his back.  The mounds of
his ass, solid muscle, were encased in soft skin under my hands.  I
scrubbed them for a moment, then Doug turned to let the water rinse his
body of the suds.  I was still behind him.  Doug told me to get back on my
knees.  I sank down behind him.
     "You know what to do," Doug said softly.
     Without hesitation, I pressed my face to his ass.  I let my tongue lap
between his muscular cheeks, searching for his entrance.  Doug leaned
forward a bit and spread his feet.  This allowed me access and I began to
lick at his hole.  I enjoyed the low groan of pleasure that Doug let out.
I was pleased that I was the one who was making him feel so good.  He let
me lick him for about thirty seconds, using his hand to push my face hard
against him, then released me.  His hand then grabbed my hair again and he
began to pull me to my feet.  As I rose, Doug turned and I could see that
his cock was completely erect again.  I felt my mouth water as I saw it.
Doug had me trained completely now.  I wanted nothing more than to suck his
cock at that point.
     "I'm hard again, fuckboy.  Let's get back in the bedroom and you can
take care of Seth and me one more time tonight."  Grabbing my cock, Doug
pulled me out of the shower.  He nodded towards a towel.  I picked it up
and began to dry his body admiring his masculinity as I did it.  I felt so
privileged to be able to feel Doug's body while drying him.  I was only
slightly surprised at how sexy I found him to be.  Just the opportunity to
feel his skin, his muscles and dry him had me so aroused that my cock was
leaking precum.  When he was dry, I used the towel on myself, holding it to
my face several times to inhale the scent of him as I did it.  Doug watched
me with an amused look on his face.
     We moved back into Doug's room.  Seth was waiting on the bed still.
He was still hard and I quickly compared him to Doug.  Seth's body was
nice.  He wasn't as muscular as Doug or myself, but he was toned and in
good shape.  He also didn't possess that natural athletic look that Doug
had, but neither did I.  Seth did have a very sexy face though.  His dark
curly hair was a contrast to Doug's sexy blond locks and the two of them
together made me so horny I could barely stand it.  Then Seth gave me his
sexy grin again and I just about dropped to my knees right there.  I
realized dimly, in the back of my mind, that Doug had me trained as a
completely cock slut, but I didn't care.  I wanted both of these men in any
way they would let me.
     Doug definitely had a plan in mind.  He motioned to Seth to get off
the bed and stand next to him.  I couldn't believe that here we were, three
goodlooking college freshmen, well built and in shape and completely naked
together.  Doug and Seth were completely comfortable with it and as I
watched, Doug threw a companionable arm across Seth's shoulders.  They
stood together facing me, both of them hard as rocks.  With just a gesture
of his head, Doug ordered me to my knees in front of them.  I obediently
sank to the floor in front of the two studs and looked up at them.  I was
amazed at myself and the sight before me.  My cock was rock hard and I
slowly stroked it as my eyes greedily drank in the sight of these two horny
studs.  They seemed to be models of male perfection.  Smooth skin covering
toned muscles.  Taut nipples capping mounds of muscles on Doug's chest and
a splash of brown hair on Seth's.  Hard abs and tight waists, leading down
to throbbing hard cocks.  As I watched, they stepped closer, bringing their
bodies within my reach.
     I dropped my cock and reached out to them.  Taking a cock in each
hand, I began to stroke the two teenagers, milking their cocks.  Almost
immediately, drops of precum formed on the heads of their dicks.  Only
inches from my face, I was able to study them both closely and compare
them.  Neither was better than the other.  While Doug was longer, Seth was
thicker.  Without even thinking I moved my mouth closer and licked at first
one, then the other.  They tasted similar, but Doug's cum seemed slightly
sweeter.  I looked up to see them both staring down at me.  A set of green
eyes and a set of blue watched me as I licked and sucked at them.  I felt
hands on the back of my head and suddenly Doug's cock slipped into my
mouth.  I sucked on it a minute before he pulled out and Seth replaced him.
I licked and sucked on him a moment when Doug began to force his cock in
along with Seth's.  I could only take the heads of their cocks in my mouth,
but I did my best to take as much as I could.
     "Having a sword fight in his mouth, dude," Doug said.
     "Fucking A, buddy.  He seems to love it." Seth replied.
     "Damn right man.  Feels good too, with your dick up against mine in
the faggot's mouth.  Won't take me long."
     "Me either, Doug."  Both young men were now stroking their cocks as I
sucked on the heads.  With one hand I stroked my own cock.  I used the
other to lightly play with their balls.  I could tell that both of the guys
liked this.  Soon, they were showing signs that they were close to cumming.
I lapped at the cock heads and Seth and Doug took turns poking into my
mouth before pulling out to let the other in for a minute.  I am not sure
how long I spent on my knees trying to suck both guys at once, but it
seemed only a second had passed before Seth let out a moan.  I glanced up
and saw his entire body go rigid.  Every muscle in his beautiful body stood
out as he began to shoot.  Doug was still stroking his cock and just a
second later, he too began to cum.  Both young men aimed their dicks at my
face, covering me with their cum.  The feeling of these two young studs
soaking me with sperm brought me over the edge and I emptied my own balls
on the floor at their feet.
     Panting, Doug and Seth broke apart and sat on opposite beds.  I tasted
cum as it dripped down my face and into my mouth.  I ran my tongue around
my lips, trying to get as much of it as I could.  Their loads mingled
together in my mouth, giving me a taste treat.  Both of the spent youths
watched me as I licked their cum up like some kind of cheap whore, but I
couldn't stop myself.  Before, after I had cum myself, I had felt
embarrassed or ashamed at what I had done for Doug or had let Doug do to
me, but I was past that now.  I had enjoyed being used by these young males
and I wanted to taste them.  After another moment, Doug threw me a small
towel and told me to wipe my face.  After I had done that, Doug told Seth
that we were finished for the evening.  Seth gave him a grin, gathered up
his clothes and padded out the door back to our dorm room.  Doug told me I
would spend the night in his room as Johnny would not be back that evening.
I lay in Johnny's bed, admiring Doug's masculine form in the moonlight from
the window and jerked myself off.  I drifted off to sleep with the image of
his smooth, muscular body firmly in my mind.

                            **********
     The next day, I struggled to remain awake through my economics class.
Finally the bell rang and I packed up my books.  I had over an hour before
my next class so I decided to get some studying done for my psychology quiz
the next day.  I had spread out my text book and notes on the library table
when suddenly the memory of the basement bathroom flooded my mind.  I
couldn't study.  The image and excitement of sucking off Doug in the stall
of the bathroom, hearing the other guys come in as Doug used my mouth and
the thrill of Doug filling my mouth with cum made it impossible to study.
It also had my cock hard as a rock.  I struggled with the desire for a
minute before I gave in.  I packed up my backpack and made my way down the
back steps to the basement.
     I was suddenly very nervous.  I wandered among the stacks, pretending
to look for a book, but in reality I was trying to work up the courage to
go into the bathroom.  I didn't know if there would be other guys in the
place, but just to see the stall again and relive the experience with Doug
was too much to resist.  I walked to the front of the basement floor to
where the study tables were located.  There were several people studying.
A couple girls were whispering to each other and reviewing a text book.  At
another table was a black guy, reading over notes.  There were also two
whites dudes studying together at the front of the same table.  Since the
coast appeared to be clear, I turned and walked to the back of the stacks.
I quickly slipped inside the men's room.  One glance showed me that the
stalls were empty.  I made my way into the same stall I had occupied when
Doug had brought me here.
     Once again I read the messages scrawled on the partition between the
stalls.  There were all kinds of messages giving times and dates, telling
about blow jobs and more.  My cock swelled in my jeans as I read the
messages on the wall.  I let my hand drop to my crotch as I read, squeezing
my cock through the denim.  Suddenly I heard the outer door open.  Shocked,
I quickly sat down on the toilet, unsure what to do.  I was even more
scared when the door to the next stall opened and someone stepped inside.
I heard the stall door close.  Unable to control myself, I leaned toward
the partition to try to get a glimpse of the guy.  All I could see was a
pair of jeans with a white t-shirt ticked into them.  The body covered by
the clothes looked trim and in shape.  My cock, which had softened when I
heard the door began to swell again.  I suddenly realized that the guy in
the next stall was facing the partition.  He had seen me lean forward to
look through the hole!  I quickly leaned back, but saw the guy's crotch
appear at the partition.  Then I heard a hoarse whisper.
     "You suck, dude?"
     I didn't reply.  All I could do was sit there, holding my breath.
     "Come on guy.  You wouldn't be in here staring through the hole if you
didn't suck.  I need to get off, man.  Suck me."  I watched as suddenly
hands appeared, unbuttoning the jeans.  I was even more shocked to see that
they were black.  Before I knew it, the jeans were open and a large black
cock, about half hard, was poking through the hole.  I didn't know what to
do.  I had seen plenty of black guys naked in the gym and showers, but had
never even considered them for sex.  Hell, up until a few weeks ago, I had
never really considered any male for sex.  But now, my outlook and desires
had changed, or had been changed by Doug.  The sight of the large cock was
enough to make me forget all my inhibitions.  As if I had no will of my
own, I found myself dropping to my knees and my mouth moving toward the
thick black cock.  I heard a hiss of pleasure as I let my lips close around
the big black dick.
     "That's it, whiteboy.  Suck my big cock.  Do me real good whiteboy.
Ohhh, fuck yeahhh."
     I used all of the techniques that Doug had taught me.  I used my
tongue on the guy's cockhead, I used suction on the shaft and took the guy
deep in my throat.  His moans of appreciation were music to my ears.  I
began to bob my head, taking him deeply each time.  Before long, the guy's
hips began to thrust.  It was slow at first, but then he began to move
faster and faster.  I finally was holding my head in place, chin against
the partition, letting this black stud fuck my mouth.  With a loud moan,
the guy began to cum.
     "Fuck yeahhh, whiteboy!  Take my hot cum.  Yeah, suck it all down,
fag.  Eat my dick and eat my cum.  Oh shit yeah, whiteboy, you suck better
than any chick I know.  Drink me, faggot."
     The words were like music to my ears.  I had freed my own cock and was
stroking it.  Hearing this, I began to cum immediately.  While I swallowed
this unknown black guy's cum, I shot my own wad on the partition.
Suddenly, the guy pulled back, his cock pulling from my mouth with a loud
pop.  I leaned back and grabbed some tissue paper.  I cleaned up the mess I
had made and stood up, closing up my jeans.
     "Thanks, whiteboy," I heard before the stall door opened.  Then I
heard the outer door open and close.  I was suddenly embarrassed again.  I
left the stall and moved to the sink.  I could see in the mirror that my
face was flushed.  I waited a minute or two, letting my color return to
normal, then turned and pushed through the outer door.  As it opened, I
caught my breath.  There, leaning against a bookshelf across from the door,
was a black guy in jeans and a white t-shirt.  I realized it was the guy I
had seen in the front of the basement room earlier.  He was tall and lanky
and his good build showed through the white cotton material.  I felt my
face blush again.  A wide smile of white teeth split the black guy's face.
He stepped close to me.
     "You suck like a pro, whiteboy.  I'd like another go between those
sweet lips, boy.  Here's my number.  Call me when you need some more black
dick."  He pushed a slip of paper into my unresisting hand and walked away.
I looked at the paper.  All it said was "Leon 555- 1267".  Almost numb, I
left the library and went back to the dorm.  No one was around so I lay on
my bed.  The sight of the black guy standing outside the men's room flashed
through my mind again and again.  Then my mind focused on the sight and the
taste of the large black cock which had come through the partition.  Before
I knew it, my jeans were open and I was stroking my cock.  As I came, my
mind focused on an image of me surrounded by Doug, Johnny, Seth, the guy
from the bookstore and Leon, servicing them all.  The force of my orgasm
shot my cum all the way to the headboard of my bed.  Exhausted, I rolled
onto my side and fell asleep.
Date: Tue, 4 Jan 2000 17:31:57 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug 6

			     Dominated by Doug
				  Part 6
				    by
			      Percxyz@aol.com

     My Tuesday morning class had been canceled, so I got the chance to
sleep in late.  Seth had gone to his first class by the time I awoke.  It
was one of the first mornings since Doug had brought him in to double team
me that I hadn't sucked my roommate's cock for him as soon as he woke up.
I had my usual morning hard on and let my hand slip into my boxers to
stroke it.  Usually, Seth would have shaken me awake, his hard cock
pointing towards my mouth and made me suck him.  He must have been in a
hurry this morning.  I debated about jacking off.  Images of Seth's hot
body and cock ran through my mind and a flash image in my thoughts of
Doug's sexy blond face nearly got me to go for it, but I decided to hold
off.  Climbing out of bed, I grabbed a towel and walked into the bathroom.
I turned on the hot water for the shower and then took care of other
business while I waited for it to get warm.
     By the time I had finished brushing my teeth, I checked the shower and
hot water was finally spraying from the shower head.  I adjusted the water
temperature, shucked off my boxers and stepped into the spray.  The warm
water felt good coursing over my muscles.  I was tight from working out the
night before.  Doug and I had spent more than two hours in the gym working
mainly on our upper bodies.  He had taken an interest in keeping me in the
best shape possible.  I knew it was for his own reasons - hell, he told me
that often enough, but I enjoyed looking good and getting stares when I
crossed campus.  Both guys and girls checked me out.  I had found that more
and more, I was checking out other guys as much, if not more, than the
chicks on campus.
     Doug had gotten yet another girlfriend the previous week, as had Seth.
While Seth had still been using my mouth most every day, Doug had been too
involved with his chick.  I had started dating a gal myself, but broke it
off after just a few days.  I had found myself having to picture Doug's hot
body in order to be able to cum while I was fucking her.  Musing over the
latest happenings, I didn't even realize that someone else had come into
the bathroom.  I nearly jumped when the curtain to the shower suddenly was
pulled to one side.  I looked behind me to see the dark, lean form of
Johnny stepping into the shower.  He gave me a quick grin, a flash of his
beautiful white teeth, and turned on the shower next to me.  With mine
already running, it warmed up almost instantly and he ducked his head under
the spray.  I took the opportunity to check out his body again.  So far, I
had only sucked him off the one time in his dorm room when Doug had decided
to show off his power over me.  Since then, Johnny had acted like nothing
had happened.  Of course, I knew that he had girls hanging off of him with
his dark latin looks and probably all of the gay guys at school had the
hots for him.
     My eyes drank in the sight of the water cascading down the dark stud's
back as he stood under the water.  He turned slightly, giving me a better
look at the front of his body.  His cock was already starting to slowly get
longer and harder.  Just the sight of it brought back mouth watering
memories of the time I had sucked him off in his dorm room.  I wanted to do
it again.  I raised my eyes up his body, taking in the dark hair which the
water from the shower had plastered to his firm chest.  It get me even
hotter.  Doug was almost completely smooth, a real contrast to the stud
standing next to me.  Suddenly, Johnny looked over at me and immediately
noticed the taking in the sight of my now fully hard cock.  I saw a grin
split his face, his white teeth gleaming in contrast to his darker skin.
My knees felt weak.
     "So, cocksucker, it looks to me like you want another taste of my
dick.  How about you get on your knees?"
     As if I had no will of my own, I felt myself sinking to my knees
between his feet, and between the spray of the two shower heads.  The small
partition running down the wall was completely out of the way as it was
more for an attempt at privacy than giving any real privacy when two guys
were showering together.  I leaned forward, putting my mouth only an inch
or so from the cock which was twitching up and down from the latin stud's
crotch in time with his pulse.  I leaned forward even more, trying to
capture the head of his prick between my lips, but Johnny stopped me by
grabbing a fistful of my hair.  He pulled backwards, forcing me to look up
at him.  My eyes met his and I felt that he was looking straight through me
and into my darkest desires.
     "Tell me what you want to do, faggot," he ordered.
     "I want to suck your cock, Sir."  I had instinctively addressed him as
Doug had taught me.  "I want to feel your cock sliding in and out of my
mouth and across my tongue, Sir.  I want to taste your hot cum when you
shoot it in my mouth, Sir."  As I spoke, the grin on his face got wider and
wider.  He still stared down at me, his eyes drilling into mine.
     "Open your mouth!"
     I quickly obeyed and Johnny stepped a bit forward, letting the head of
his cock pass between my lips.  I moaned around the silky, hot skin as it
sank deeper and deeper into my mouth, then my throat.  Johnny didn't stop
his forward movement until I felt his pubes tickling my nose.  By then I
would have been choking on his cock, had Doug not taught me how to deep
throat men's cocks.  When he was all the way in, Johnny stopped.
     "You like my cock soaking in your craw, boy?  You like being my
cocksucker?  Doug tells me that you are the best, and after the last time
you blew me, I think he may be right.  You are gonna show me how good you
are now.  Johnny released his grip on my hair, still looking me in the eye.
     "Get to work, faggot!  Suck my cock and make me cum!"
     I immediately began to try to give this hot lean latin stud as much
pleasure as I could.  I bobbed my head, up and down the shaft, taking it
completely, then pulling back to the head.  When there, I ran my tongue
around the head of his cock, enjoying both the taste of the precum that I
was lapping up and the way Johnny's entire body twitched from the
stimulation.  I kept this up for several minutes, completely forgetting
where we were.  Johnny had grabbed my head and forced it completely down
the length of his cock when we both heard a door open.
     It being the day and time that it was, we were both surprised that any
of the guys were still around.  Doug took a firm grip on my head and slowly
pulled my head up his cock, then pushed it down again.  The sucking noises
which had sounded so loud just seconds before, were now almost non existent
as I tightened my lips around his shaft.  I carefully kept the suction
tight to minimize the noise.  I didn't know who had entered the bathroom,
but as there were still four suite mates who didn't know what Doug had made
me into, I didn't want to take chances.  We heard the toilet flush and the
water in the sink start to run.  Johnny kept my mouth moving slowly up an
down his cock.
     The submission to Johnny had already gotten me extremely excited and I
was submissively stroking my cock like a lowly faggot while Johnny used my
mouth, but the added anxiety and fear of being discovered by one of the
other guys was too much for me.  Whimpering slightly around the thick meat
in my mouth, I shot my own load onto the shower floor, where the swirling
water quickly carried it away.  I guess the excitement of another dude just
a few feet away as he got blown by his jock dorm buddy was also enough for
Johnny.  I still had my head tilted upward and watched as his chest
expanded and he clenched his teeth.  With a muffled moan, he came, his cock
throbbing in my mouth and his cum pumping down my throat.  Johnny's body
was rigid with the force of his orgasm, and I took the opportunity to run
my hands up from his ankles to his muscular chest as he came.  Unlike Doug,
he didn't forbid my feeling his body.  I reveled in the feel of his taut
muscles, the hair on his shins, the feel of his abs contracting as he shot
his load in my mouth and the strong muscles in his back and chest.  All too
soon, he was finished.  Johnny pulled his cock back until just the head was
in my mouth.
     "Get every drop out, faggot," he whispered.  I reached up and stroked
his cock, milking the last of his cum out and causing him to twitch again.
A thick drop of cum landed on my tongue before he finally pulled out of my
mouth.  I stayed on my knees looking up at the hot, dark skinned stud,
until he turned again into the shower.
     "Hey you guys, hurry up!  I need to shower too and class is in 15
minutes!"  The voice yelling was that of Craig.  I quickly scrambled back
to my feet and ducked my head under the spray.  My cock had deflated with
the scare Craig's voice had given me.  I noticed that Johnny was soft as
well.  That ended up to be good, because only 10 seconds later, Craig
opened the curtain halfway and told us again to hurry up and get finished.
I quickly rinsed off and left the shower.  Wrapping my towel around my
waist, I slipped back into my dorm room and shut the door.  I sat on my
bed.
     Thinking about what had happened in the shower got my cock stiff
again.  It was almost more public in the way events had progressed than the
bookstore or the library.  If Craig had pulled the curtain aside just a
moment earlier, he would have caught me on my knees with Johnny's hard
latin cock between my lips.  He might have even caught me as Johnny was
shooting his load into my mouth.  Surprising me, the thought got my cock
rock hard immediately.  Unable to control my own sexual desires, I jacked
myself off on my bed with a pair of Seth's underwear heaped across my face
until I came again.  I caught my load in my hand and licked it up as Doug
always insisted that I do.

                         ****************

     My first class that Tuesday was sociology.  Being a core class, one
that all students had to take, it was crowded.  There were more than 200
other students in just that class.  I was bored by the subject.  I had
taken sociology in high school and all the professor was doing was covering
material I already knew.  I settled back in my chair and let my mind
wander.  Almost immediately, the memory of sucking Johnny for the second
time was in my mind.  I could feel my cock stirring so I made an effort to
shift my thoughts to something less provocative.  By concentrating on my
sociology text, I was able to bring my cock under control by the end of
class.  When the professor dismissed us, I stood and waited for the crowd
to thin before trying to leave.  As I made my way to the aisle, watching my
step, I didn't even see that there was someone blocking my way.  I reached
the end of the row and saw the pair of leather loafers pointing towards me.
Surprised, I looked up.
     The face I saw brought back a flood of memories.  The bookstore.  How
sore my knees were.  The feel of this young man's thick cock in my mouth
and the taste of his cum.  I felt myself blushing and dropped my eyes back
to the floor.
     "I've watched you the last four times we had class."  He paused, then
added "cocksucker." in a low voice.  "I've been wanting to ride you again,
mouth at least.  Let's go to my place and I will teach you some new tricks,
doggie."
     I didn't know what to say or do.  Here was the hot, muscular stud that
I had sucked off in the bookstore, only a foot or two away from me, wanting
me to service him again.  He turned and began to walk away up the steps to
the hallway.  He didn't even look back, but somehow knew I was following
him.  It was if I had no will of my own, but had to obey him.  I admired
the firm mounds of his ass as I followed him up the steps.  I wondered
briefly what it would be like to slide my cock between his tight buns, but
knew that was very unlikely.  My cock was straining in my jeans from the
sight.  When we reached the hall, he turned and I was just a step behind
him.
     "Good boy," he said in the nearly empty hall.  "I knew you'd obey."
My dorm is across the street.  We'll go there and see how many tricks
you've been taught, doggie."
     Not waiting for an answer or comment, he turned again and led me out
of the building.  I followed him across the street and into his dorm
complex.  After three flights of stairs, he stopped at a door, produced a
key and unlocked it.  He led me into a dorm room not unlike my own.
However, instead of four rooms surrounding one bathroom, his room was on
one large level that shared a large community bathroom with 20 or more
other rooms.  I followed him in and he shut and locked the door behind us.
     "I'd been hoping to run into you again, cocksucker.  I kept waiting
for you to see me in class, but you never looked back my way.  You did such
a good job that other night that I decided to make sure you knew I was
there today.  I want to fuck your face again.  Plus I want to do a lot
more.  You got a virgin ass?"  He looked directly at me, expecting, even
demanding, an answer to this very personal question.
     Embarrassed and humiliated, I told him that I wasn't a virgin.
     "That's not what I asked, boy," he snapped.  "I asked if you have a
virgin ass.  I figure you've probably fucked some chicks, but has any guy
busted you open?"
     Blushing in even greater embarrassment and dropping my eyes to stare
at his shoes, I mumbled, "My ass isn't virgin."
     He laughed.  "Didn't really think it was, judging by how good you suck
cock, but I wanted to hear you admit it.  How many guys have fucked you?
For how long?  You been taking it up the ass from your buddies since high
school?  I can just picture you as a high school freshman in a locker room,
with a senior stud pinning you to a bench and pounding your pussy like it's
a toy.  Or maybe making you bend over in the shower and grab your ankles
while the other men watched."
     Stuttering with humiliation, I told him about Doug and how he had
started having me suck him and more.  I didn't tell him about the other
guys.  The guy listened with a growing smile on his lips.
     "Sounds like you met a man who knows how to get what he wants and has
been training you right.  That's good.  You won't have any trouble in
giving up your ass to me then.  I like to fuck guys like you.  You're good
looking, you've got a good body.  The chicks all probably dig you, but we
both know what you really want.  Working out has given ya plenty of
muscles, but you bend over for real men like me and this Doug guy.  I'm
gonna ream you out hard boy.  Whaddya think about that?"
     "I...I'd like that.....Sir." I finally said.
     "Sir?"  The guy chuckled, clearly enjoying his advantage.  "This Doug
really has been teaching you right.  Well, I'm gonna add to your lessons.
I've been bagging fuckboys like you since I was 15, and you're gonna beg me
never to take my dick outta your ass.  I can't wait to watch your face when
I slide inside.  But first we need to get me lubed up.  Unless you want to
take it dry.  You ready for that?"  I shook my head no.  "Then why don't
you strip, then you can undress me."
     I began to pull off my clothes, folding them and setting them on a
chair.  My shirt and t- shirt went first and when my chest was exposed, the
guy let out an appreciative whistle.  "Nice chest, dude.  I can tell you
take care of your body."
     I continued stripping, kicking off my tennis shoes and pulling off my
socks.  Then I unbuttoned my 501's and slid them down to my ankles.  I
stepped out of them and folded them on top of my shirt on the chair and
then slid off my boxers.  I never even thought about not obeying this hot
young man.  Doug had instilled in me the desire to obey, to submit to any
dominant male.  Also, I wanted another chance to suck him.  My hard cock
sprang up against my belly, already starting to leak a bit of precum.  The
guy was still in his clothes: a pair of khakis, loafers and a button down
blue shirt.  When he ordered me to strip him, I screwed up my courage for a
question.
     "Please, Sir.  May I ask your name?"
     The guy grinned at me for a minute.  "Yeah, I guess you don't even
know my name, do you?"
     "No, Sir," I replied.
     "Well, Clay, I found out yours by checking the seating chart in class.
My name is Lyle.  Now you know the name of the guy whose cum you digested
not too long ago and who is a part of you forever.  And I plan to add a lot
to the cum you've already taken.  Now strip me, boy!"  The last was said
with some force as Lyle took command again of me and the situation.
     I reached out and began to unbutton Lyle's shirt.  He wore no
undershirt and as the buttons were undone, I could see his chest appearing
between the sides of the cotton.  Lyle was a total stud, but in a very
natural way.  He didn't have the surfer type look which Doug commanded, nor
was he the bodybuilder type.  After looking at him for a minute or two, I
realized that I liked him, his body and his style, because it was a laid
back ordinary style.  This was a man who knew he looked good but didn't
make an issue of it.
     After the shirt, I undid his belt and he kicked off the khakis.  Now
he stood before me in just socks and boxers.  I could see that he was
already hard and I wanted to feel his dick in my mouth again.  Lyle wasted
no time.  He stripped off his boxers and socks and stepped up to me.  Lyle
was a few inches shorter than me, but still was the man in control.  I knew
that in a test of muscle and strength, I could best him, but his will
seemed to just overpower mine.  I felt his hand caress my cheek and thought
that he wanted to be gentle, then he forced two fingers into my mouth.  I
sucked at them greedily, watching the pleased expression on his face as I
submitted to this indignity.  After about a minute, he pulled his fingers
from my mouth, moved his hand to the back of my head and pulled my mouth
down to his.  I felt his lips on mine and my mind reeled.  Then his tongue
played across my lips, then slid inside.  I meekly accepted his exploration
of my mouth with his tongue.  The young man tasted good.
     We kissed for several minutes, and as we did, he slowly backed me to
the bed.  The back of my legs hit the side of the bed and he forced me down
onto it, on my back.  I felt his cock rubbing against mine as he humped my
body, forcing his cock against me, rubbing me with it.  I heard myself
moaning in pleasure.  Suddenly he broke the kiss, pulling his face away
from mine.  I looked up at him, full of lust.  His face was a mask of the
same.  Straddling my body, he moved up onto his knees until his cock was
just inches from my mouth.  I looked at the familiar shape of his long
shaft and round cockhead, remembering the way it slid through the glory
hole in the bookstore.  Once again, Lyle wasted no time.  He placed the
head against my lips and used the force of his muscular frame to slide it
between my willing lips.  The tangy sweet taste of his precum filled my
mouth as the head of his leaking cock slid across my tongue.  Lyle
immediately set a rough fast pace.  He truly fucked my mouth, showing my no
mercy, as Doug had done several times.  It seemed that in almost no time,
Lyle shuddered and gasped, his muscles tensing as he pumped his sperm into
my mouth and throat.  I had been stroking my own cock, but was not yet
close to cumming.  Yanking his still hard sock from my mouth, Lyle moved
back down my body and grabbed my legs.  He pushed them up, nearly folding
me in half.
     "I'm gonna fuck you now, bitchboy.  Gonna ram my cock up your tight
hole and show you how a real man fucks!"
     My mind still trying to take in all the sensations this teenager was
giving me, I managed to gasp, "Don't you want to slow down?"
     "Don't question me, faggot!" he demanded.  "My roomie will be home
soon and I want to plant another load in you before he gets here.  And I
haven't used our pussy yet."
     "I'm sorry, Sir.  I understand.  You don't want him to know."
     "You don't understand shit, faggot.  So don't presume to know my mind.
I bagged him fifteen minutes after we moved in together.  Busted his cherry
on his own bed before he ever even slept in it.  I just don't feel like a
threeway right now."  With that said, his cock, lubed by my spit and his
precum found my hole and stabbed inside.  It hurt like hell, but he clamped
a hand over my mouth to muffle my shout.
     "Take it faggot!  Just take it!  We both know this is what you want
and we both know I'm not the first man here.  So just keep quiet and take
my fuck like the cock-loving punk that you are!"  His eyes drilled into
mine seeming to fuck me even as his cock was doing.
     Just as he had done in my mouth, Lyle immediately began to pound my
ass.  The friction was incredible as he pistoned in and out like a demon.
     "Yeah, I like a pussyboy who can take it hard and rough, especially a
well built guy like you.  Those little fairy, feminine guys don't do
anything for me.  But to take you, a well built guy who should be a man,
could be a man, but takes cock like a whore is the absolute best!  I'm
getting close, you fucking faggot piece of shit.  Gonna fill your little
boy pussy with my hot cum!  Oh fuck yeah!  Not much longer now.  Lyle
placed his hands on my shoulders, pinning my body to the bed.  I was pinned
by his arms and hands and nailed by his cock.  I was also loving it.  With
a growl that could have been an animal's, I felt his cock expand as he
began to shoot his load.  I moaned loudly, wanting to cum along with him,
but unable to reach my cock with his taut belly against mine as he rutted
in me.  Lyle gave me four more hard thrusts, then held his cock deep inside
me.  He collapsed onto me.  I could feel his pounding heartbeat from his
chest against my chest as well as through his cock, still buried inside me.
He was panting and his hot breath rushed past my ear again and again as we
lay there, cheek to cheek.
     Suddenly he pulled out of me and stood up.  Grabbing my clothes from
the floor he threw them to me.
     "Get dressed, faggot!" he ordered.  I complied without comment.  As I
did so, he grabbed a towel and wetted it in a sink in one corner of the
room which I had not noticed.  He cleaned himself up and slipped his boxers
back on.  He looked so sexy with his hair dampened with sweat, beads of it
on his chest and forehead and the hair on his chest matted, that I stopped
dressing for a moment, enjoying the sight of his tough masculine beauty.
Lyle noticed and posed for me for a few seconds, showing off his body.  My
cock, still rock hard, was desperate for relief, but it appeared that I
would get no satisfaction in this room.
     "Hurry up!" Lyle ordered again.  I quickly finished dressing and
stood.  Lyle stepped up to me again and grabbed my wrist.  He forced my
hand to his crotch.  I could feel his cock, still hard, even after having
shot two loads.
     "You want more of this?  You liked getting it hard and rough, didn't
you?"
     I could only nod in agreement.
     "Fine then.  Here is my number.  I am always horny.  Call me when you
need a man inside you, pussyboy.  Now get out of here."
     Lyle opened the door, and, full of his cum, I left his room.  I walked
a bit down the hall towards the stairwell, then leaned against the wall to
catch my breath my ass twithcing from the rough fuck Lyle had thrown into
me.  As I leaned there, a good looking sandy brown haired guy passed me.
He didn't even look at me as he walked down the hall.  I followed his lithe
form with my eyes.  He reached Lyle's room, produced a key and let himself
inside the room.  I realized that we had finished just in time.  Wiping the
sweat from my forehead, I made my way out of the dorm, heading back to my
own room.  I had to at least jerk off after all that had happened in the
last few hours.


                      **********************

     My jack off plans were not to be.  As I got to my street, I saw Doug
headed back to the dorm.  He reached the corner of the building that led to
the entrance to his room and stopped, obviously waiting for me.  As I got
close, he told me to follow him.  As always, just the sight of his hot
body, and the sexy dominant demeanor he projected, had me too excited to do
anything but obey.  He led me to his room and locked the door behind us.
     "So, Johnny tells me you've gotten better with your mouth.  I am glad
you are learning, bitch."  I felt myself blush.  "I am ready for some
action too.  I feel the need to get off and you are the most readily
available piece of ass around.  So, why don't you strip?"  He framed it as
a question, but I knew it was an order.  I quickly shed my clothes.  Doug
looked at me with a strange expression on his face, which quickly changed
to amusement.
     "Jesus, what a slut you are.  You smell like cum and sweat, boy.
Since Johnny told me you sucked him in the shower, you must have found
another guy to service.  I know Seth is in class so it had to be another
guy.  Who was it, faggot?  Who did you let fuck you?"
     I summarized what had happened with Lyle, and Doug laughed.  "Well,
you have met another real man, boy.  Go take a shower.  Since you seem to
like variety, we will have to see what can be arranged to keep you
satisfied."
     Unsure of what he meant, I went to my room, got my towel and headed to
the showers.  I took some extra time, getting myself extra clean for the
teenage man whom I considered my sexual master.  I shut off the water after
a good ten to fifteen minutes and grabbed my towel.  As I dried myself, I
heard Doug calling to me.  He told me to come straight to his room.
Somewhat embarrassed that one of the guys who didn't know what was going on
may have heard, I obeyed immediately, wrapping my towel around my trim
waist.  I expected Doug would be more than ready for action, having waited
for me to clean myself, but the sight in his room surprised me.  Sitting on
two chairs were two other young men!  I stood in front of them, with only a
towel around my waist.  While I had spent plenty of time in locker rooms
around other guys in a towel, I knew that Doug had called them and that he
planned for me to service them both.  I felt my cock start to harden.  Doug
was laying on his bed.  He wore only a pair of cotton football shorts and
obviously no underwear or jock.  His half hard cock was clearly visible
through the shorts.
     "I want you to meet Keith and David.  Guys, this is Clay, the
cocksucker I told you about.  Clay, these are two of my pledge brothers.
All of us are horny and I promised them the best blowjobs, among other
things, that they have ever had.  Doug quickly sat up and pulled at my
towel causing it to fall to the floor.  My cock sprang to attention.  All
three guys laughed at me as they saw my condition.
     "See, fellas?  I told you he's hot for cock, mine especially, but also
for other dude's dicks too.  Hell, he's already had two guys today.  Now
the faggot is our toy to play with and as I told you, anything goes and I
mean anything."  Doug stood up and slipped his shorts down to his ankles.
The cock I knew and loved so well was now only a foot or so from me.  As I
watched in shock, the other two guys also began to strip.  I wanted to bolt
from the room, but the sight of Doug, naked, his cock hard, kept me rooted
to the spot.  I would do anything for more of him.  Unsure what would
happen I watched the two young men strip.


Author's note: I have been asked to keep the series going by several
readers.  Without their encouragement, I would not have continued with this
episode.  Any comments are appreciated.  Any suggestions are certainly
welcome, though I plan to continue this pretty much as it occurred.
Anyway, thanks for all the positive responses and if you want more, please
let me know.
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2000 00:20:34 EST
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug 7

			     Dominated by Doug

				  Part 7

				    by

			      percxyz@aol.com

     "How do I get myself into these situations?" I thought, as I watched
the two young studs stripping off their shirts.  The answer of course was
Doug, and he was already moving quickly to take control of the situation.
As the guy Doug had called Keith grabbed at his belt, Doug stepped forward
and grabbed a fistful of my hair.  He turned me to face him then started to
pull downwards.  I sank to my knees in front of him.  His hard cock was
only a few inches from my face.  I looked at the thick shaft and large
head, already shining with a drop of his juice.  I didn't want to suck him
while two guys I had never met watched, but I was hot for Doug and the man
knew it.  He held me by the hair, his cock just an inch or so from my face.
I couldn't help myself and tried to lean forward and catch the head of his
cock in my mouth.  I wanted to taste this hot young man again and lap up
the drop of precum like a dog.  Doug just toyed with me for awhile though,
obviously showing off his power over me for his pledge brothers.  I would
be allowed close to his cock, but even with my tongue out, was not allowed
to taste it.  I heard the guys laughing as they watched me and they moved
to either side of us to get a better look.  The guy named David was
stroking his cock, completely naked, but Keith still had on a pair of
boxers.  Finally, after what seemed like hours, Doug sat down back onto the
bed and pulled my head with him.  I let his thick shaft slide into my
throat as exclamations of disbelief came from the two guys watching.
     "Holy shit!" David, the dark haired and dark skinned teenager was
leaning forward, watching as inch after inch of Doug's thick cock
disappeared between my stretched lips.  I heard Doug let out a soft moan of
pleasure as my tongue went to work.  "I've seen this dude before, Doug,"
David continued.  "Hell, I thought a jock like him would probably be
pledging our house!  I never figured him to be a cocksucker.  Jesus, look
at him take it!  He's obviously done it before to take all your meat down
his throat like that.  Man, I can't wait to try out that mouth!"
     "Fuck yeah he's taken it before, dudes.  More times than I can count.
I told you, he's my fucking slave.  I made him into a total slut for cock
in less than two days.  He can't get enough of it.  You shoulda heard him
wail the first time I fucked his little cunt, but now he just whimpers and
begs for more, like any good doggie."  Doug patted the top of my head,
which pushed my lips down to his blond pubic hair.  "Shit, fellas, that
first weekend with me, he learned what he was put on earth for."
     "What the fuck happened, man," Keith asked.  He was a black haired
stud, whose trim body I had only gotten a brief glimpse of as he stripped.
Sitting on Johnny's bed with David, he looked to have a good body.  I could
see he was hard in the boxers he wore, but couldn't tell how big he was.
"Did he make a pass at you or something?"
     "Shit dudes, I caught him checking me out in the shower one day.  He
tried to play it aoff and shit, but I knew he wanted my body.  A couple
days later, I decided to put him to the test.  One look at my bod and my
big prick and the little faggot was hooked."
     "He's not that little, Doug," David said.  "Shit, he is built like a
jock."
     "Yeah, and he was scoring with the chicks too, but once he had a taste
of me, he found his true calling - being my fucking sex pig.  He's a
fucking hole that I use when I'm horny and there aren't any hot chicks to
put out for me.  Besides, I think he looks good on his knees, don't you?"
     I felt my face flame red with embarrassment.  Doug was talking about
me like a piece of meat again, a possession that he owned.  But there was
no way for me to deny it.  For one thing, my mouth was full of his cock,
making any protest physically impossible, but also something inside me
responded to this dominant stud's attitude.  I did like what he was doing
to me, even the way he was treating me.  Hell, my cock was rock hard right
then as Doug made me suck him with two strangers watching me.  I even
admitted to myself that the two young men were attractive.  I tilted my
head a bit to the side and got a look at David.
     David was dark, but not in a latino way.  He was more of a middle
eastern coloring, with a cock that was a bit darker than the rest of him.
His body was toned and nicely muscled, but his chest didn't compare to
mine.  Also, it was almost hairless, like Doug's.  I focused in on his
cock, which he was stroking.  It was average size, about six inches and
uncut.  I knew I would be able to handle him without any problem.  I tried
to turn my head to get a better look at Keith, but Doug took my head in
both hands and used it like some jack off toy, running my mouth up and down
his cock, penetrating deeply.  It forced me to concentrate on the job at
hand.
     "Fuck yeah!  Suck me bitch.  You little cocksucking faggot.  You love
it!  Take it down your tight throat while my buddies watch.  You want their
cocks too, dontcha faggot?  You wanna suck their cum down your throat,
right, sweetlips?  I know you do.  Show them how much you want their cocks.
If you wanna suck them, beat your cock, pussyboy."
     Unable to even think clearly, I grabbed my cock with my right hand and
began to stroke it.  I was almost immediately ready to cum and somehow Doug
knew it.
     "Don't even think of shooting your faggot wad, boy.  You drop your rod
before you cum.  I want the boys to see you shoot your wad when I shove my
big cock up your tight little ass.  Got it?"
     I obeyed and released my cock.  The only thing I wanted more than to
cum was to please the dominant teenager using my mouth.  I wanted to show
him that I would do whatever he wanted to please him.  If that meant
showing his friends how he could make me cum by fucking me up the ass, then
I would do it.  Moaning around his cock, I fought down the urge to come.
     Doug suddenly pulled my mouth off his cock, which slapped up against
his tight belly, shiny with my spit.  Doug gripped me firmly by the hair
with one hand, holding me up on my knees while I panted, catching my
breath.  Doug released my hair and leaned back until he rested comfortably
against the wall.  "Go ahead guys.  His mouth is all yours."
     Suddenly, two cocks were poking into my mouth from both sides.
David's dark meat competed with the huge cock which Keith proudly
displayed.  I licked at both the heads hearing the two teens moan together
in pleasure.  I tasted David's salty precum an instant before tasting
Keith's.  As David grabbed my head and turned it, forcing his cock between
my lips, I realized that now I had seven guys inside me.  By far the most
was Doug.  I had swallowed his cum at least fifty times, but there was also
Lyle, Seth, Johnny, the black guy in the bathroom stall.
     "Take it all the way, slut!" David demanded and rammed his cock into
my throat.  I meekly obeyed, realizing that he was right.  Doug had made me
a slut.  I would suck any cock he put in front of me, if it pleased him for
me to do it.  Hell, I had even sucked off guys that had nothing to do with
Doug.  I only had time for these few thoughts before my head was roughly
pulled off of David's hard cock.
     Keith turned my head to face him and I got my first good look at his
monster cock.  It was by far the largest I had ever seen.  As the head slid
between my lips, I guessed that it was easily ten inches, maybe more.  I
couldn't see how I could take it all.  Apparently, Doug was thinking the
same thing.
     "This I wanna see, bro," Doug said to Keith.  "I wanna see if my
faggot can take all of your big dick down his throat.  Can the chicks do
it?"
     "Shit no.  They whine about the size when I am fucking them.  There is
no way one of them would take it all in her mouth."
     "Well, Clay will take it all," Doug decided for me.  "Just keep
shoving it in until there's no more to go.  He'll take it all."
     "Shit man," David complained, "I was close to cumming there!"
     "You'll get your chance," Doug said, establishing his control over the
situation.  "I want to see my faggot take Keith's meat all the way."  I
could almost feel David taking a step away from me.
     "Fine then," David said.  "Fuck his face, Keith.  Show the bitch a
good time."
     Keith hadn't waited for any instruction.  He immediately had begun to
force himself into my throat.  Using all that I had learned in the time I
had spent on my knees servicing Doug, I managed to let my throat relax
enough to take him, though I still choked and gagged.  Doug seemed to find
this funny and encouraged Keith to try to make me choke.  Soon, the long
inches were pumping in and out of my mouth while Doug looked on from just a
few feet away.  I took the opportunity to check out the body of the young
man who was using my mouth.  He was easily six feet tall and the curly
black hair on his head was also on his chest.  He had very blue eyes that
seemed to drill into mine when our gazes locked for a few seconds.  I
recognized the look.  It was one I had seen in Doug's eyes many times.
Keith was enjoying his domination of me.
     Keith's chest and torso was made of slabs of muscle, much more
developed than David's and his abs were the proverbial washboard that I
strived for in the gym, but could never quite achieve.  Doug had the same
type of abs, but his looked much more natural.  He had been born with the
genes that gave him his incredible good looks and killer body.  It was
obvious Keith had built his muscles in the gym, and they looked damn fine.
I saw the muscles in his belly begin to twitch and knew that this young
buck was about to shoot his load.  I looked up into his eyes again and saw
the same look I had seen earlier.  This boy was going to enjoy flooding my
throat with his hot seed immensely.  Seconds after our eyes met, he reached
his limit.  Fucking my throat raw, Keith forced himself completely in and
his body shuddered.  He let out a quiet moan and his entire body twitched.
I felt the thick tube of his cock expand in my mouth and my throat as he
began to pump his sperm down my throat.  Keith kept his cock buried deeply
for the first two spurts, then pulled back.
     "Taste my cum, fag boy.  I want it to coat your cocksucking mouth,
faggot!  Yeahhhh!  Take it bitch!  Take it!"  Two more spurts filled my
mouth before Keith pulled out and shot another two volleys onto my face.  I
heard Doug chuckling from the side as he saw my humiliation.  He knew that
I didn't like it when he shot his wad on my face.  He called it marking his
property.  Now this new guy was marking me too.  I submitted to the
indignity without protest.  I knew that it was what Doug wanted.  Keith let
out a long sated sigh, then released my head.
     I had no time to recover.  Cum dripping from my cheeks, I found myself
turned again and David's dick stabbed back into my throat.  I thought of
all the fuck flicks where some chick had been gangbanged by a bunch of men
sucking one after another.  Now I was in the place of the chick in the
films.  David was already panting, and sweat had coated his smooth chest.
I could feel his balls drawing up, no longer slapping against my chin.
     Keith had taken a seat on the bed next to Doug, his cock still hard
and incredibly huge.  I glanced at it for a split second before submitting
to David's insistent thrusts.  He was close to cumming.  I was going to
take another load down my throat in just a few seconds.  I was surprised by
how turned on that thought got me.  I wanted this young stud's sperm.  I
wanted him inside me.  I wanted to taste his hot cum on my tongue.  With a
loud groan, David rewarded my cocksucking efforts.  He grabbed my head
tightly and buried his cock as deeply as he could go.  It wasn't nearly as
deep as Keith had been, nor as deep as Doug penetrated, but it was enough
to enter and stretch my throat.  David held his cock there as he came,
shooting his wad straight down my throat.  I ran my hands up and down his
legs, even across his tight buns, stroking them as he came.  All too soon,
it was over.  David pulled out slowly, and I got a taste of his cum as he
dragged the head of his cock across my tongue.  It was saltier than
Keith's, but I liked it.  Still, I liked the taste of Doug's cum better
than any other man I knew.
     Cock softening a bit, David stepped away and sat on the bed on the
other side of Doug.  I looked at the three young men, all naked, all of
whom had used my mouth and were inside me.  Keith and David had the
familiar sheen of sweat worked up during their quick fucks of my mouth.
Doug was definitely aroused, but had not put that much effort into his
penetration of my throat earlier.  I knelt on the cold, hard tile, waiting
to see what else Doug had planned for me today.  My eyes found his eyes,
then I felt a wave of submission roll through me and I dropped my eyes to
his cock.  It was still hard, but no longer glistened with my spit.  I felt
desire for this teenage man well up in me.  He had taken me, put me on my
knees and given my mouth to his friends, but I wanted him more than I ever
had before.  I glanced up at Doug's face again, and that sexy smirk, both
arrogant and playful was on his face.  I felt my desire to please this hot
male grow even more.  His body, even next to the very well built Keith,
seemed to glow with health, vitality and sexuality.  I knew then that Doug
had transformed me.  I was his to command, to use, to abuse.
     "I think it is time my pledge brothers see what kind of pussyboy you
are, Clay."  I felt proud that he had called me by name, even though it had
been in a sentence describing me as a pussyboy.  I knew that Doug was going
to fuck me up the ass in front of his pledge brothers.  He was going to
demonstrate his power over me and his ability to make me take his cock in
any way he wanted.  Doug looked me over carefully as I knelt in front of
the three young men, awaiting his next command.
     "I think I'm going to take you doggie style, right where you are.  I
want the boys to see your face when you feel my cock slide up inside your
pussy.  How about that, faggot?  You want me to fuck you in front of my
pledge brothers?"
     I knew he wanted an answer, so I replied, "Yes, sir."
     "Yes sir what?" he insisted.
     "Yes, sir, I want you to fuck me up the ass in front of your pledge
brothers."  A huge grin split Doug's handsome face and I felt the desire to
submit to this stud rise up in me again.  It had been embarrassing to admit
what I had just said in front of the two young studs, even though they had
already cum in my mouth, but being taken by Doug would be even more
humiliating.  I knew that Doug would not be gentle in his fuck.  He would
put it to me hard and rough to show the boys, as he called them, just how
much control he had over me.  I didn't care.  I wanted to feel him
penetrate me, fuck me, cum in me.  I wanted to hear him moan and gasp in
pleasure and know that I had been the source of his pleasure.
     Doug stood up and walked behind me.  "Throw me that pillow, Keith."
Doug said.
     Keith grabbed the pillow and tossed it to Doug.  I felt it hit the
floor between my ankles.
     "Lean forward and put your hands on the bed frame between the boys,
faggot," Doug ordered.  I obeyed, putting my hands on the bed, only inches
from the legs of the young men who occupied it.  In this position, bent
forward, my face was no more than two or three feet from Keith's or David's
faces.  Doug took up position behind me, kneeling on the pillow to soften
the impact on his knees.  I heard him spit a half dozen times on his cock
and felt the head sliding against my hole.  Doug's hands roamed over my
body for a minute or so, pinching my nipples, slapping my cheeks, his
fingers probing into my mouth as Keith and David watched in mute amazement.
I submitted to everything, Doug's cockhead still lodged at my entrance.  At
one point, Doug even let his hand brush my balls and squeeze my cock.
     I felt Doug's chest move against my back, warm and familiar.  I was
suddenly in heaven.  Doug was going to mount me and fuck me in front of the
two studs sitting on the bed.  His mouth was next to my ear.
     "You gonna cum, when I put my dick in you, boy?"
     "Y-Yes, Sir.  I am going to cum, sir."
     "Fine," Doug breathed.
     Doug pulled me upward, away from the bed and more upright.  My cock
was now clearly visible to the two young studs who sat on the bed, naked
and hard.  Doug must have looked at them because their eyes moved from my
body to a point next to my face.
     "Watch his cock now, boys.  You're gonna see what a real man can do to
a fucking cock slut pig like Clay here."  As soon as Keith and David were
watching, Doug slid his hands up my chest to my shoulders and gripped them
from the front, holding my body tightly to his own.  "Now!" he yelled, and
thrust his cock inside me.  The familiar feeling of being mounted by Doug
set off my own cock which was hyper sensitive after all that had taken
place that day.  As Doug's thick inches forced their way up inside me,
making me once again his pussyboy, my own cock exploded, untouched.  I
cried out in pleasure as I came, the force of my orgasm making my whole
body twist, but Doug held me tightly in place.  As I shot my load onto the
floor between the feet of the young men on the bed, I could see their
faces.  David was clearly awed by what Doug was doing to me and the fact
that being fucked by the blond adonis could make me shoot my load.  Keith's
face showed calculation.  I could see he wanted a ride like Doug was
taking.  The desire to dominate another male in the most ultimate way, the
desire to fuck another guy up the ass was clearly written on his face.
     As my orgasm subsided, Doug began to put on a show for his pledge
brothers.  He pounded into me, fucking me like a dog.  His fingers probed
my mouth again as his cock reamed me out deeply.  After a few minutes, Doug
forced me forward again, giving himself deeper access and pushing my head
between the two studs on the bed.  Keith was the first to take advantage.
Scooting over closer to David, he placed his crotch directly under my face.
Doug's hand on the back of my head forced me down onto his long, thick
cock.  I took it in one long slide, used to its length after Keith's
earlier rough fuck of my face.  Doug controlled all movement.  He kept
pounding my ass and used his hand to pull my head up Keith's cock and then
force it back down.  Keith began to raise his hips and try to fuck my
mouth, but Doug ordered him to stop.
     Glancing up, I could see a look of rebellion in Keith's eyes, but he
obeyed.  Doug slowed the speed of his fucking and timed the shoves down on
the back of my head to the thrusts of his cock up inside me.  He
effectively had me taking cock at both ends at the speed he wanted.  And,
of course, David sat thigh to thigh with Keith, slowly stroking his own
cock.  I had never felt more used than at that moment when Doug controlled
the use of both my ass by his own cock and my mouth by Keith's.  I knew I
would take another load from the guy soon and that Doug would then force me
to suck David again.
     I could hear Keith's breathing start to quicken and saw his balls
drawing up to the base of his cock.  I knew he was nearing his second
orgasm.  Doug slowed his thrusts into me while increasing the tempo of my
mouth on Keith's meat.  Doug was driving his pledge brother to orgasm using
my mouth as the tool.  I helped Doug by using my tongue as he had taught me
to give the stud even greater pleasure.  With a loud yelp, Keith came,
flooding my mouth with his cum.  This time he couldn't pull out of my mouth
so I swallowed all of his load.  As soon as his tensed body had relaxed,
David was pushing at him, trying to get into position.  I glanced again up
to Keith's face and saw a flash of anger cross it when David tried to move
him.  But, after a few seconds of letting his cock soak and soften in my
mouth, he moved out of the way.
     David slid into position and held his cock upright with his left hand
at the base.  He didn't try to thrust up into my mouth, but passively
waited for Doug to push down on my head.  Doug wasted no time.  His own
cock was still moving inside me and I could tell he wanted to shoot his
load.  He confirmed this by immediately setting up a fast pace with my
mouth on David's hard cock.  I felt almost as if David was face fucking me
with the force Doug was using.  The speed of his own cock in me had
increased as well.  Again I was taking cock at both ends and it was totally
controlled by Doug.  Keith was lazily stroking his wet cock, back from
semi- hardness to fully erect.
     Within seconds of each other, Doug and David let out moans and shot
their loads.  As David's cum filled my mouth, Doug filled my guts with his
own seed.  I took both loads greedily, wanting Doug's more than David's,
but willing to take the guy's cum if it made Doug happy.  All too soon,
they were both finished.  Doug relaxed on top of me, the familiar feel of
his nipples poking into my back and his sweat dripping onto me.  Doug
pulled my mouth off of David's cock and slowly slid himself out of me.  I
was exhausted, but hard again.  Actually, with Doug's cock up inside me, I
had never gone soft after cumming with his first penetration.  Doug got up,
pulled a chair over and sat down, his cock softening.  I sat back on my
heels for a second and looked over at him.  The arrogant, dominant look was
on his face again.  I felt a thrill of tension and excitement run though
me.
     "Clean my cock up, boy," he quietly commanded, "with your mouth."
     "No fucking way!!" David exclaimed.
     "Shit, that faggot will do it," Keith said.
     Knowing I had no choice, I crawled across the tile to Doug and took
his cock in my mouth, sucking and licking him clean.  My humiliation was
greater than I had ever imagined it could be, having Keith and David
witness this, but my desire to submit was even greater.  After I had
finished, Doug told me to get cleaned up and go back to my room.
     "Wait a minute!" Keith protested.  "I want a crack at fucking his
ass!"
     Doug looked at him with an arrogant sneer.  "You're not fucking him,
dude.  I don't want you stretching him out with that big pole of yours."
     "Come on, Doug.  I want to fuck him.  I've never done it to another
guy before."
     "Well, there are plenty of guys out there who will take it up the ass
from you."  I saw Doug's eyes flick to David.  Keith caught it, but David
didn't notice.  "You just gotta know how to find them and then show them
that they need to submit.  Got it?"  David was putting on his clothes
facing away, and Keith and Doug both gave his ass hard stares.
     "Yeah, I think I got it."  Keith stood and quickly dressed.  He and
David thanked Doug while ignoring me then Doug showed them out the door.
He returned to the bedroom and pulled on the shorts he had been wearing
earlier.  They made him look even sexier than he had naked.  I wanted to
get on my knees and suck another load from his balls, but Doug looked over
at me.
     "I thought I told you to get out, faggot.  You deaf or something?"
     "No sir.  Sorry sir."  I got up, grabbed my towel and wrapped it
around my waist.  I needed another shower.  As I left the room, Doug
stopped me.
     "I bet Keith busts David's cherry before the week is out.  I know I
could get the guy in less than ten minutes.  You wanna bet?"
     "No, sir."  Doug smiled.  We both knew he was right.  I turned and
headed for the shower.


Author's Note: I wanted to thank all of those who sent me emails about the
last chapter of the story.  Without them, the story would have ended after
3 installments.  With more, it may continue for a few more, at least until
Doug's younger brother came to spend the weekend.  All comments are
appreciated.  I hope you enjoyed it.

Date: Sat, 29 Apr 2000 22:59:45 EDT
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug - Part 8

			     Dominated by Doug

				  Part 8

				    by

			      Percxyz@aol.com


     The day was hot and the sun was bright when I finally got out of my
physics class.  I had the rest of the day free and headed back to the dorm.
It was Friday but still early afternoon.  I had the rest of the day and all
of the weekend in front of me.  I crossed the street, only a half block
away from my dorm entry when I saw him.  Just the lithe physique was enough
to get my cock stirring in my shorts.  The blond hair gleamed in the
sunlight and the light played across Doug's bare chest.  He was tossing a
football with Johnny, his latino roommate, in the courtyard next to my dorm
entry.  As I approached, Doug caught the football and held onto it.  He was
staring at me.  Johnny, with his back to me, watched Doug for a second
before turning around to see what his buddy was looking at.  When he saw me
walking up, a wide grin of bright white teeth split his dark complected
face.  I knew somewhere deep inside me, that the two of them were making
plans for using me for some entertainment.  As I got closer, Doug called
out to me.
     "Hey, Clay.  What's up?  Finished with class today?"
     "Yeah I just got done," I replied.
     "Good," Johnny said.  "Doug and I have been waiting for you.  Why
don't you drop your books in your room and come on over to ours."  All of
this had been said in the presence of eight or ten other guys, who were
either sitting on the wall talking or passing a frisbee around the
courtyard.  None of them seemed to think there was anything out of the
ordinary and there was really no reason for them to, but I knew that Doug
and Johnny had more in mind than just a friendly social visit and felt
myself blushing.
     "Sure thing, guys.  I'll be there in five minutes."
     "Make it two," Doug demanded.  It was a show of his domination in
front of the rest of the guys.  Though they didn't know the subtler meaning
that Doug's words carried, I certainly did.  I quickly agreed with Doug,
admiring as I always did his smooth, muscled chest, tapering down to his
trim waist, the form of it making me even hornier than before as I made my
way to my dorm room.  Seth was still in class, so I just dumped my books on
the bed and made a quick decision about what I should wear over to the two
jocks' dorm room.  I kicked off my tennis shoes and socks, switched from my
khaki shorts to a pair of workout shorts and pulled on a tight fitting
white t-shirt.  I knew that Doug liked for me to show my own development
when we got involved in our games.
     I realized then, in my mind, that I no longer thought of them as
games.  What I did for Doug was much more involved.  I was going to his
dorm room to be his sex toy.  Hell, even his fucking slave!  But just the
thought of that made my cock painfully hard in my shorts.  Despite the
humiliation and embarrassment I would have to endure, I wanted what was
about to happen to happen.  As I thought about it more, I realized that it
was the humiliation, the submission, even the embarrassment in addition to
the sexy bodies of the two hot studs that made me so horny.  The last few
weeks, other than giving Seth a few blow jobs had been pretty much devoid
of any male to male encounters.  I had spent one afternoon at Lyle's room
pinned to his bed with his cock pounding me, but since Doug had found
himself a new girlfriend he had pretty much ignored me.
     Now, that was apparently about to change.  The fact that I had also
found a chick to fuck was also forgotten.  I had been dating her for nearly
two weeks, but admitted to myself that if Doug wanted me to play with, I
would dump the chick to serve this teenage blond god.
     I opened the door to the bathroom which connected my dorm room to Doug
and Johnny's and knocked on their door.  Doug answered and my mouth watered
to see him stripped down to a pair of Calvin Klein underwear.  The ripped
muscles of his abs, the firm mounds of his pecs and the strong muscles
which defined his arms all contributed to his dominating appearance.  He
was a male muscle adonis, golden and smooth and obviously horny.  The thing
was, I was at least as well developed as Doug.  We stood roughly the same
height, but to me, he was most definitely a god standing there in the
flesh.  The sound of his voice was enough to make me want to drop to my
knees.  I don't know what it was about the young buck that caused me to
react in such a submissive fashion, but Doug clearly knew his effect on me
and used it to his advantage whenever he felt like it.  I knew it had to do
with our initial encounters when he had established himself as the dominant
person in our sexual activities, but there was something more.  Something
about his looks and his attitude just seemed to push all the right buttons
in my mind and body.
     "Get that tight ass in here, boy!" he ordered.  I was quick to obey,
moving past him into the bedroom portion of their dorm room.  I found my
hands wanting to reach out and stroke his beautiful body, but knew better
than to make such a move without his permission.  He ordered me to strip
and stand between his bed and Johnny's.  Johnny was sitting on his own bed,
propped up with some pillows, bare chested.  The sight of his beautiful
brown skin also had me aroused.  I shed my clothes, letting them drop onto
the floor in a pile and stood there, my cock snapping to attention in front
of me.
     "Shit, John, look at that.  The faggot is already on the rise and just
from being allowed in our room."  Both Johnny and Doug laughed at me.  I
felt my face redden, but my cock, if anything, got even harder.  Both young
men knew that I enjoyed their teasing and even much more in the way of
degradation and humiliation.  I watched as Doug stepped up to me, standing
only a foot or so in front of me.  I could smell the clean odor of his
body, slightly sweaty from tossing to football in the sun, but to me, the
smell of his sweat was like cologne.  I inhaled deeply trying to get as
much of his musk as I could.  To my surprise Doug reached out and grabbed
my cock, squeezing it.  I let out a moan of pure pleasure.  Doug rarely
handled my dick, except for a few times when he jacked me off while fucking
me.
     My whole body tensed with the pleasure of his touch and my back
snapped to attention.  My eyes drank in the sight of his toned body, his
handsome face and then traveled down from his large shoulder, across his
bulging biceps to his forearm, where veins stood out.  Then my eyes reached
his hand which continued to squeeze my cock harder and harder.
     "Look at me, faggot!" Doug ordered.  I immediately obeyed and raised
my eyes to meet his.  Just looking into his green eyes was incredible.  I
could feel the power of his dominant personality stabbing into me from the
look he gave me.  "We are gonna get you warmed up this afternoon, pussyboy.
I have a guest visiting this weekend and I want you to be ready for him.
You are gonna treat him like you would me.  Like he was your god, and your
only reason for existence is to obey his every command and every whim.  You
understand that, bitch?"
     "Yes Sir!" I replied.  A smile broke out on Doug's face, giving me a
feeling of gratefulness that I had pleased him.
     "You've been fucking that chick of yours for the last couple weeks or
so and I want to make sure you still know your place." he moved his face to
just inches from mine.  "You were put on this earth to serve and please
real men.  Men like me and Johnny and Seth and your other guy, Lyle.
Johnny and I are gonna make sure you are reminded of your place before my
guest gets here tonight.  Understood, faggot?
     "Yes Sir!" I replied again.  Doug increased the pressure of his fist
on my cock, until I let out a moan of pain mixed with pleasure.
     I heard Johnny as he got up from the bed and stepped around in front
of me.  He too was wearing just a pair of white CK's which seemed to glow
with a radiance in contrast to his darker skin.  Looking between the two
studs, I saw that Doug had gotten some sun on his face, shoulders and
chest, making him even sexier.  Doug released my cock, making me gasp
again.  Together, Doug and Johnny each reached out and put a hand on one of
my shoulders.  They pushed me down and I sank willingly to me knees at the
feet of these two so very different yet incredibly sexy studs.  My face was
now at the level of their crotches, still concealed by the white cotton of
their briefs.
     "You know what to do cocksucker," Doug said.  I did know what to do
and reached out to grab the waist bands of both studs' briefs.  I pulled
them down, exposing Doug's extremely familiar cock and Johnny's beautiful
piece of meat, which I knew, but not nearly as well.  Johnny had spent a
lot of time in my mouth, but not nearly to the extent Doug had.  Plus,
Doug's cock had been other places too.  I would never in my life forget the
day he had busted my cherry ass and fucked me until I loved it.  Also, he
would never let me forget that he owned my cherries, mouth and ass.  For
that matter, he was the first man I had rimmed, among many other things.  I
knew his body as well as I knew my own, maybe even better.
     I pulled the briefs down to both of their ankles and both studs kicked
them away.  Now all three of us were naked, but I was the only one on my
knees.  I looked up and saw Doug throw his arm across Johnny's shoulders.
The move was carefree and natural, just two buddies.  It also had the
effect of pulling their waists closer together so that both of their cocks
were now aiming towards my mouth.  The sight of both of the studs' hot
cocks had me ready to open up and start servicing them both, but I knew to
wait for permission from Doug or Johnny.  I opened my mouth, but made no
move forward.  I knew Doug liked to make the moves.  He liked to feel he
was forcing my head where he wanted it.
     "See, Johnny boy?  I got the faggot well trained," Doug chuckled. I
looked up at the two young men, admiring their chests, tight abs and trim
waists, letting my eyes finally move up to their faces.  Neither of them
said a word, but just stared down at me, obviously waiting.  I knew what
they wanted, but tried to maintain a shred of dignity.  It only lasted
about a minute.
     "Please, Sirs, may I suck your cocks.  I want to taste them so badly.
Please let me suck you!"  I had done it.  I had thrown away the last of my
dignity and begged on my knees for these two college jock studs to let me
suck them like some cheap whore, but I didn't care.  I just wanted them to
let me take their cocks in my mouth.  Doug laughed and reached down to milk
his cock, only inches from my face.  I watched as a large drop of precum
appeared on the head.
     "Go ahead, you fucking worthless cocksucking faggot.  Lick the jizz
off my dickhead."  That was all I needed.  Actually now enjoying the fact
that I was in the control of these two young bucks and ready and willing to
service them in any sexual fashion they wanted, I leaned forward and licked
the salty sweet cum from Doug's thick meat.  Just the taste of him was
enough to finish off any remaining inhibitions.  I was now completely in
their control.  I moved forward to take Doug's cockhead between my lips,
but he planted the heel of his palm on my forehead and held me back.  I
heard myself let out a whimper of frustration which made both teens laugh.
     Johnny was stroking his cock now and after a minute a drop of precum
appeared on the head of his cock too.  I licked my lips unconsciously in
anticipation, something that was not missed by either of the studs towering
over me.
     "Jesus, look at the faggot!" Doug said.  "Licking his lips cause he
wants your juice so much, Johnny.  Think you ought to let him have it?"
     "Fuck yeah, that's why I'm here.  I want to see this big muscled guy
sucking my juice straight outta my cock, dude!"
     "Cool, then.  Go for it, cocksucker," Doug told me.  I leaned forward
again and lapped up the salty drop from the head of Johnny's darker cock.
I felt Johnny's hand gripping my hair, even though I kept it cut very short
and pulling my mouth down the length of his cock.  Having sucked him
before, I was able to adjust my mouth, then my throat to his penetrating
cock fairly quickly, though the few chocking noises I made obviously
pleased them both.  I heard Johnny let out a moan of pleasure as his cock
disappeared down my throat and it was music to my ears.  The guys let me
bob up and down his length for a minute or two before Doug roughly pulled
my head off Johnny's cock and shoved it onto his own.
     I sucked my master's cock with every ounce of skill that I had,
teasing the head with my tongue, lapping at the piss slit and milking the
shaft with my lips.  My reward was Doug's body twitching in appreciation
and his sigh of pleasure.  For a solid ten minutes I alternated between the
two cocks, taking them deeply and tasting the juices of both teen studs as
I did it.  Somehow, my own body betrayed me and my right hand moved to my
own cock.  I didn't even realize that I had done it, but Doug saw it
immediately.  He yanked my head from his cock, a line of saliva stretching
out between my lips and the head of his cock.
     "Did I tell you to touch your cock?" he demanded.  I immediately
released my dick, but it was too late.  "Fucking faggot," Doug said to
Johnny, "just thinks he can do whatever he wants.  Pisses me off!"
     "Whatever, dude." Johnny replied.  "I just wanna cum in his mouth.  I
love watching this guy who everybody thinks is such a stud swallowing my
jizz and loving it.  Do whatever you want."
     Doug stepped to his closet and pulled out a tie.  He moved behind me
and roughly pulled my arms behind me, crossing my wrists.  The tie wrapped
around and secured my wrists behind me.
     "Hey, dude," Johnny said, "I like the way that makes his chest stick
out.  Makes me wanna fill his mouth with my cum even more!"
     "No problem there, buddy.  Why don't you go ahead and get your nut."
     "Alright!"  Johnny grabbed my head and held it tightly between his
hands.  He used his hips to drive his cock between my lips and down my
throat.  He started to give me a rough mouth fuck, demanding me to cover my
teeth when I accidently let them scrape his cock.  I obeyed, my lips
getting numb from the friction and my spit dribbling down my chin.  I had
closed my eyes at first, but now opened them, looking up Johnny's body,
seeing the sweat forming.  I moved my eyes up his body, admiring his chest
and then reaching his face.  He was staring down at me, his dark eyes
staring straight into mine.  I knew he liked to look me in the eye when he
shot his load in m mouth and could tell he was getting close.
     "You ready?" he panted, to Doug, not to me.
     "Ready, pal!"
     "Fuck yeah!!! I'm cumming in your mouth you fucking faggot!"  I felt
his cock expand and the first jet of cum shoot against the roof of my
mouth.  At the same time I saw an explosion of light and heard the whirring
of a motor.  Johnny let go with two more salvos of cum then abruptly pulled
his cock from my mouth.  The next burst splashed across my cheek, the
bridge of my nose and onto my forehead.  Another explosion of light
appeared and the motor whirred again.  I was so caught up in getting Johnny
off that I didn't even realize what was happening.  The third blast of
light appeared as Johnny slowly slid his still spurting cock back between
my lips.  He kept his cock in my mouth, milking it with his hand until I
had taken every drop of his seed.  Then he pushed my head away and stepped
back.
     Cum running down my face and dripping from my chin, I looked over at
Doug.  He was holding three polaroid photos, waving them back and forth to
dry them.  I felt my gut tighten with worry.  I knew what the pictures
would show, but hoped that maybe they wouldn't turn out.  Of course, I was
in no position to stop them from taking as many more as they wanted, with
my hand tied behind me.  Doug looked at the photos and Johnny moved around
to see them as they developed too.  Both young studs still had hard cocks
and my attention was divided between their handsome bodies, their hard
cocks and the pictures that were developing.
     "Looks like we got a winner here, Johnny.  What do you think?"
     "Hell yes, look at his face, man.  It's obvious he is loving it!"
     "And look at the shot of your cum across his face.  He looks like he
is in heaven."
     The fucking faggot always is when he's got my dick in his mouth,
buddy."  Both of them laughed.
     I was still on my knees on the hard tile floor, my cock dripping
precum.  I could only imagine what the pictures showed, then Johnny grabbed
one and turned it so I could see.  The picture was clear and was a close up
of my face, lips stretched around a large dark cock.  You couldn't tell
whose cock it was, but it was clear that I was sucking it and apparently
enjoying it.  Johnny showed me the next picture and my humiliation grew.
Again my face was clear, but this time my mouth was open and my tongue was
out, coated with cum.  A spurt of cum was stretched in the air between the
head of the dark cock and my face.  Some of it had already landed on my
cheek.  I felt my face reddening with embarrassment.  Johnny showed me the
third picture and it clearly showed me, cum dripping down my face, opening
my mouth to take the spurting cock back inside.  Now the boys had physical
proof of my cocksucking.
     "Pieces of artwork here, Johnny."
     "No doubt.  Definitely shows the boy likes to suck dick and drink
cum."  I watched as Johnny took the three pictures and walked into the
other room.  When he returned a moment later, he no longer had the
pictures.  "Now how about some nice photos of his other talents?"
     Stroking his long cock, Doug said, "I am more than ready, man, more
than ready!"
     Doug grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled me to my feet.  He spun
me around and I felt him untie my wrists.  As he did so, he put his mouth
next to my ear.  "We're gonna get some pictures of you taking it up that
tight faggot pussy of yours.  No restraints.  We both know you want it and
the pics are gonna show that.  Now get on the bed.  I'm gonna take you
doggie style."
     I had no choice but to obey and climbed onto Doug's bed, assuming the
position he wanted, on my hands and knees, my legs spread a bit to give him
room.  Doug had fucked me many times in this position and I knew how he
liked to position me.  Doug wasted no time, climbing onto the bed behind
me.  "Toss me that lube, Johnny."
     I watched as Johnny opened a drawer, pulled out a bottle and tossed it
to Doug.  I felt his squirt some between my spread ass cheeks and then
heard him massaging it onto his cock.  I watched as Johnny grabbed the
camera and moved over to sit on his own bed, across from us.  I felt the
familiar feeling of Doug's cockhead against my hole and heard him tell me
to look over at Johnny.  As I did so, Johnny snapped a picture.  The camera
spit it out and I felt Doug start to apply pressure.  Johnny took two more
pictures as the full length of Doug's cock moved into me.  Doug seemed to
want to cum without wasting any time and began to fuck me hard, almost
violently.  His hands gripped my shoulders and he pulled me back against
him as he pounded his dick into me.  It only took a few minutes before Doug
let out a moan and I felt him cumming inside me.  He used his hand to grab
my hair and pull my head up and back and I heard the camera again.  Then
Doug lowered himself onto my back.  I could feel his sweaty chest expanding
and contracting as he caught his breath with me supporting his weight.
     The photos that Johnny took were staightforward.  They showed me on my
hands and knees, looking toward the camera with a man behind me, his hard
cock poking at my ass.  The look on my face wasn't of fear, revulsion or
even humiliation, but instead it appeared I was enjoying it.  The photo cut
off Doug's upper body, so that he couldn't be identified, unless you knew
his body as intimately as I did.  The next two pictures showed my eyes
widening and Doug's cock halfway into me, then buried completely.  The last
photo showed both of us sweaty, obviously at the end of a fuck, my head
pulled back and held by the man who was fucking me up the ass.  Of the four
photos, it was the most humiliating.  It showed me making no resistance to
the man fucking me and letting Doug do anything to me that he wanted, even
pulling my head back to an obviously uncomfortable position to use it as
leverage to fuck me even harder.
     Doug looked over the photos with a smile on his face.  Then he looked
at me.  "So what do you think of our work, Clay?"
     "You didn't need to take those, Sir.  You know that I obey any order
you give and do anything you tell me.  Why did you take them, Sir?"
     "Just a memento for Johnny and me to keep and a little insurance that
you won't ever decide that you aren't going to be the good, obedient little
faggot that we have trained you to be."  He stared at me for a minute until
I dropped my head, accepting his domination and control.  Doug looked at
Johnny.  "You want a crack at his tight boy pussy?  It's sloppy seconds,
but the faggot is good and tight."
     "Well maybe but I prefer to watch him drink my juice.  I can't believe
any guy would be so low as to swallow another guy's load of cum.  But I
really get off on watching and feeling him do it.  Hell, I could cum in his
mouth every day, three times a day, just to get off on that thrill."
     "Know what you mean, buddy.  Nothing like using another guy, a guy
whose body is well developed, a guy that people think is a jock and a real
man and making him your pussy boy or your cocksucker.  You ever seen his
face around campus when he catches sight of us?"
     "No, what's up?" Johnny asked.
     "He turns beet red, knowing that he is full of our cum." Doug flexed
the muscles in his arms and chest, showing off his definition.  "He gets a
look in his eyes that just says 'I'm a faggot for that guy over there'.
Watch for it next time you see him on the commons or in a hallway."
     "No shit.  You bet I will."  Johnny looked at me.  "You must have
swallowed a couple billion of my sperm by now, cocksucker.  Never really
thought about the fact that you are digesting them and they are part of
you."  He reached out and felt the muscle in my right arm.  "Hell this
muscle is probably built from Doug's and my cum."  He laughed.  I just
dropped my gaze to the floor.
     "So," Doug said, "you wanna fuck him now?  If you think it's a thrill
pumping his mouth full, wait until you get your cock up his pussy!"
     "Yeah, sure, I haven't done that to him yet.  He's sucked me like a
vacuum, but I haven't felt what his ass is like to fuck."  Johnny looked at
me.  "You want me to fuck you, fag boy?"
     There was no point denying it, my hard cock was giving me away.  "Yes,
Johnny.  I want you to fuck me."  I was pleased to see the grin on his
face.  Johnny laid on his back on his bed resting his head on his hands.
His cock was hard and laying straight up towards his chest.
     "Well, get over here and climb on, pussyboy."
     I climbed onto Johnny's bed, straddling his lean body on my knees.  I
positioned myself over his crotch and looked down at his handsome face, his
small moustache and goatee making him seem even more exotic and sexy.  I
reached beneath me and grabbed his cock.  He let out a sigh and looked at
me as I positioned it against my hole.  He was pretty dry, but I was full
of Doug's cum, so I knew he would be lubed after I got him inside me.  Our
eyes met.
     "That's right, faggot, fuck yourself on my big dick.  Jesus!  I can't
believe that I don't even have to make you take it.  You want it so much
you will climb on my dick and fuck yourself.  Go ahead, boy.  Take it!"  I
obeyed and let myself slide down the length of his shaft.  I sucked in a
breath from the pain of taking his cock dry, but that just seemed to make
Johnny happier.  I ground my ass against his crotch, feeling his cock
moving around inside me.  Then I raised myself up.  There was another
flash.  When I settled back on Johnny's dick, the flash flared again.  I
was beyond caring.
     "God what a fucking slut he is for cock," Doug said.
     I increased the speed of my movement and moved my hands to Johnny's
chest, feeling the hair on it and his warm skin.  I could feel his muscles
beneath his skin flexing as he moved in rhythm with my fucking.  He began
to buck his hips, forcing his cock up into me.  I rode him, fucking my own
ass on his big pole for about five minutes before he suddenly sat up, his
cock still up inside me.
     Johnny twisted me around until he could push me onto my back on his
bed.  My legs were in the air and he started pumping his cock into me.  I
looked up at him, moaning with each of his thrusts.  He began to pound me
even harder.
     "Yeah, this is it!  Forcing my fucking cokc up inside you, boy.  I'm
putting it to you now.  Fucking you hard and making you my bitch.  Say it
faggot!  Say it!"
     "I'm your bitch Sir!"  I moved my head up and licked at his shoulder,
tasting his sweat.  Suddenly, Johnny planted his mouth on mine and forced
his tongue into my mouth.  With a shuddering moan he began to cum, flooding
my guts with his hot seed.  I sucked on his tongue tasting his lips and
feeling his moustache and goatee scraping at my face.  His body was pressed
against mine, both our abs slick with sweat.  The friction of his body
humping me and the secual tension of the last half hour was enough to bring
me off and I moaned into his mouth as he finished cumming, spurting my load
onto my belly and into the black hair than ran in a line down the center of
his chest.  Together we panted, catching our breath, and I heard Doug
clapping softly.
     "Good job, faggot.  I like to see you treating my buddies right.  How
was it Johnny?  As good as I told you?"
     "Fuck yes!  I never thought putting it to another guy would be such a
turn on.  But looking down at him, seeing him laying there, legs spread
like a whore, taking my cock up his ass and loving it was such a trip.  The
faggot even shot his wad from the fuck I threw in him."  Johnny looked down
at me and flexed the muscles in his abdomen, moving his cock inside me.
"Guess we know now who's the man on this bed, don't we, pussyboy.  You can
bet you're gonna feel my big dick up your tight hole again.  And I got a
couple buddies who'd like to put it to a nice piece of white meat like you.
May have to set you up with them."
     I had no response.  Doug was my first master, but Lyle, Seth and
Johnny had all shown they could dominate me.  If Johnny brought some other
guys along, I knew I would do whatever he told me to do to the studs.  The
thought of a couple more hot latin men even started getting my cock hard
again.  Johnny pulled himself out of me and moved up my body.  "Clean me
up," he ordered.
     I didn't even hesitate, licking my cum form his chest and belly then
taking him deeply into my mouth.  Doug had made me do the same often enough
that I was used to it.  As I sucked, Doug said, "Next time pal, you're
gonna have to have him lick your ass.  Talk about a feeling of power and
just plain feeling good.  There is nothing like it!"
     Johnny pulled out of my mouth and got off the bed.  Doug ordered me to
the showers and made me soap up his body first, then Johnny's before I was
allowed to clean myself.  Rubbing them with soap and my hands had me hard
as a rock, but Doug ordered that I wasn't to touch myself or to cum until
his guest arrived.  After we dried off, I went back to my room and put on a
pair of shorts.  It took a while, but I finally willed my cock to go soft.
Then the phone rang.
     Doug wanted me over to his room on the double.  I hung up and made my
way through the bathroom.  Johnny was apparently out and Doug met me in the
bedroom.  He looked me over then reached forward and pulled the front of my
shorts down until my pubes were showing.
     "That's better.  Much sluttier."  He led me into the main room.  My
jaw dropped at the sight awaiting me in the other room.  Sitting at Doug's
desk wiht his legs spread wide was a gorgeous young man, his blond hair cut
almost militarily short.  I had thought that Doug's genetics were good, but
this boy's were perfect.  He stood up, his lean body tall and straight.  I
found myself wishing that he was wearing shorts and a t-shirt rather than
jeans and a button down so I could see his body better.  He stood about an
inch taller than me.  His eyes were blue and his round face was incredible.
My cock had grown instantly and was clearly visible in my shorts.
     "Mike, this is the faggot I was telling you about. His name is Clay.
You can see how glad he is to meet you." He nodded toward my hard cock and
Mike laughed.  "Clay, this is my little brother, Mike.  Your gonna be his
fucking toy, slave, slut, whore and pussy for the entire weekend.  Mike's
sixteen, but he's got some experience for his age and when I told him about
you, he said he really wanted to fuck a college boy.  So, I am gonna leave
you two alone for a couple hours.  Mike, do anything you want, and I mean
anything!"
     Doug left the dorm, closing the door behind him.  I looked up at the
young stud and saw him sizing me up.  I straightened up not willing to be
intimidated by a sixteen year old kid, but the wicked grin on his face
suddenly had me unsure of what would happen.

Author's note: Comments are welcome and are what has kept this series going
beyond the events about which I had originally intended to write.  Please
let me know what you think.

Date: Wed, 10 May 2000 20:17:08 EDT
From: Percxyz@aol.com
Subject: Dominated by Doug - Part 9

			     Dominated by Doug

				  Part 9

				    by

			      Percxyz@aol.com


     I looked at Mike as the kid stared at me.  I couldn't help but think
of him as a kid, even though he was Doug's brother.  Hell, when you are 18
a difference of two years in age seems like a lifetime.  How was I gonna
let this boy do the things that Doug had done to me?  The grin on Mike's
face definitely had a leering quality about it, but I tried te be
determined.  I was the college man here!  I was all male, solid muscle,
good looking!  Hell a jock even!  No way was I going to submit to this
cocky highschooler.  Even standing there in only my shorts, pulled down to
show my dark pubes, I tried to muster up some self reliance.  It collapsed
in an instant when the kid spoke.
     "So fag, you one of those locker room sluts that sucks every dick he
can find or are you really Doug's personal pussyboy like he told me?
Looking at you, I would guess you're a cock slut.  So which is it, faggot?"
     His self assured cocky voice completely undid me.  It sounded a little
like Doug's voice, but definitely had a tone of its own.  Also, he let his
voice drip with contempt for me, making me blush as I heard him call me
faggot, slut and pussyboy.  My eyes, which had been firmly on his face,
dropped down heading to the floor, but were arrested partway.  Mike's cock
was getting hard.  Even covered by his jeans, I could tell that the kid had
a big cock.  My eyes locked onto it, watching it as it slowly swelled down
the left leg of his jeans.  Mike noticed where I was staring.
     "Well, it is obvious that you like dick, boy.  Now answer me!  Were
you the slut of your high school or did big bro bust your cherry like he
said?"
     "D- Doug, Doug was the first man to fuck me," I almost couldn't find
my voice.  "I had never even jacked off with another guy before I met him."
     Mike's eyes narrowed.  "You still look like a slut, collegeboy."  The
"collegeboy" part was a taunt not an acknowledgment that I was older.  He
was making fun of me and putting me down.  I felt the now familiar feel of
my face turning red as he talked.  "I guess Doug has been doing a pretty
good job.  He told me he got you warmed up for me.  You full of his cum,
cocksucker?  You got a belly full of my big bro's jizz?  What about his
roomie's?  He told me that you sucked him off like some Las Vegas whore.
You like swallowing hot cum, faggot?"  He clearly expected an answer.
     "Yes, I like to swallow cum, Mike."  I said.
     "You can fucking call me 'Sir' or 'Master', you worthless piece of
shit, or you will never even get to look at this," he reached down and
grabbed his crotch, "much less taste it or feel it up your little pussy.
Got it faggot?"
     "Yes Sir," I replied quickly.  Mike was younger, but seemed much more
experienced than I was when it came to all male sex.
     "That's better, faggot.  Doug told me you were a quick learner.  I bet
he had you begging for his cock even before he filled your pussy with his
first load.  Didn't he?" Mike demanded.
     "Yes, sir.  I begged him to fuck me that first time.  Even before I
knew how much I liked what he was doing."
     That seemed to satisfy Mike somewhat.  Some of the tension left his
body but his still had a scowl on his handsome face.  "Yeah, Doug ain't bad
at turning you jock boys into fags.  He and I did it to about a dozen guys
back home.  But he tells me that you've been one of the best.  Even as good
as my own slutboy, Rob.  Old Robby discovered what a fag he was about 2
years ago when I got him in the locker room.  He services half the guys at
school now.  We will have to see if you can perform as well as he does."
Mike sat back down on the desk chair, his hard cock clearly visible,
straining at the denim of his jeans.  I felt my mouth water.  No matter
what I had originally determined to do, this young buck had established
himself.  He was the man in the room.  Fuck, I wondered as I closed my eyes
for a minute, how do these guys do this to me?  When I opened my eyes again
to see his lean sexy body, I knew the reason.  Doug had made me into a cock
loving faggot and his brother was a damn sexy young male.
     "I'm hungry, shithead.  Where's a good place to eat?"
     "There is a good diner just a block away on the corner, Sir."
     "Good.  We are gonna go get a bite to eat.  I'm gonna need some energy
for this night's activities.  Where's your room?"
     "Back through the bathroom, Sir."
     "Well move your ass, before I beat it black and blue, boy.  I'd take
you out dressed just as you are, but I wouldn't be able to get served, so
we need to put a little more clothes on you."
     I quickly moved my ass, leading him back into the dorm rooms that I
shared with Seth.  Luckily, my roomie was gone.  I opened my closet door
and Mike pushed me aside.  He rummaged through my clothes, pulling things
out and dropping them on the floor when they didn't suit him.  After a few
minutes he found one of my oldest t-shirts.  I only used it while working
out now.  My girlfriend had seen me in it and told me it showed off my
torso, but it was pretty ratty and so I never wore it other than in the
gym.  Mike handed it to me and told me to put it on.  Somewhat embarrassed,
I obeyed, feeling the tight material stretching across my back and my
chest.
     Mike stared at me a minute while I pulled up my shorts, covering up my
pubes.  He allowed me to do this, then reached out and grabbed the bottom
of my shirt.  With a quick yank, he ripped it in the middle, exposing my
abs and navel almost all the way up to my chest.  O could feel the cool
breeze from the fan in the room brushing across my belly.
     "You got any sandals to wear?"
     "Yes, Sir."  I leaned over, reaching into the back of my closet.  Mike
to the opportunity to feel up my ass, putting his hands on both my ass
cheeks and squeezing them.
     "Yeah, it's gonna be fun plowing this ass, faggot.  You got a nice bod
and I wanna make sure that you show it off for me while we're out."  With
that, he smacked my ass, hard.  I let out a yelp, more of surprise than
from any pain.  Mike laughed.
     "Well, well.  I see that you need to get some tolerance built up.
Don't worry," he said as I stood back up and looked at him, "I'll make sure
to take care of that later."  That sentence both chilled me and made my
cock grow even more in my work out shorts.  They were fairly tight to begin
with, but with the extra room my hard cock was occupying they were form
fitting and showing everything.  I stepped into my sandals, feeling not
even half dressed with the clothes I was wearing.  Mike looked me up and
down for a minute, appraising my appearance.
     "Hmm.  Need one more thing, faggot, to complete the picture."  With
that, he reached out with his left hand and let it slide against my
stiffening cock.  I couldn't help but moan in pleasure and tried to press
my crotch into his caressing hand. To my surprise, Mike let me do it.  I
kind of humped his hand a bit and he stroked my cock through the grey
cotton of my shorts.  I didn't have any jock, boxers or other underwear on
and didn't catch on to the set up Mike was performing.  After about two
minutes, Mike pulled his hand away, and I stifled my groan of
disappointment.  Mike looked at me, and the wicked grin reappeared on his
face.  "Now that's perfect!"
     I was confused until I looked down.  There was a spot about the size
of a quarter, dark grey with the precum he had milked out of my cock.
     "We're ready to let you take me to dinner now, faggot."
     "No, please, Sir.  Let me change and put on some clean shorts!
Please!"  I knew it was hopeless, but I had to try.  Mike just laughed.
     "No fucking way faggot.  You look just the way I want you to look.
Now grab your wallet and let's go!"
     I got my money and my keys and we left the dorm.  I locked the door
behind us, trying to will my cock back to softness.  The activity allowed
me to get my cock to about half mast by the time we had walked down the few
steps and out the dorm entrance.  There were four guys sitting on the wall
across the street from my dorm.  They were all talking and thankfully not
looking our way.  The diner was down the street to the left.  As I pointed
the way to Mike, one of the guys across the street glanced over at us.  I
saw a look of surprise, then amusement on his face.  He nudged the guys
next to him with his elbow and when the guy looked he nodded to us.  I
could imagine the scene all too well.  A highschool kid, tall, blond and
good looking, in jeans and a button down shirt accompanied by a college guy
only half dressed in a torn t-shirt, ripped up the middle, grey work out
shorts with a large dark, wet spot on them at the end of the outline of my
semi-hard cock and bare legs down to my sandals.  The first guy said
something to the second which I couldn't hear because of some passing
traffic, but they both laughed.
     Even though I was humiliated, standing there with precum spotted
shorts and most of my abs and chest exposed, I found myself checking out
the two guys who were looking at me.  The first guy who had noticed me was
not much to speak of.  It didn't look like he worked out, but had a cute
face.  His buddy, though, was clearly a jock and my mind stuck on what he
might look like without the shorts and t-shirt he was wearing.  God, I
thought!  What had happened to me.  Now I was looking at every guy I saw
like I would look at and rate chicks.  I dropped my eyes to the pavement
and followed my young master down to the corner.  We crossed the street and
walked up to the door of the restaurant.  Mike stood in front and waited
pointedly.  I moved forward to open the door for him and held it as he
entered.  As I followed him inside, I glanced back up the road and all four
guys were watching me.  I couldn't imagine what they made of the display
they had just seen.
     Mike led me to a booth toward the back of the diner and sat facing the
door and the main part of the restaurant, so that my back was to everyone.
There were two booths past us, but they were unoccupied.  I relaxed a
little as I slid into the booth, grateful for a bit of cover.  Mike grabbed
a menu and I did the same.  A few minutes later, a waitress came up to take
our order.  While the spot on my crotch and my semi-erect cock were now
relatively hidden, she took a good look at my shoulders and chest and
started to flirt with me a bit.  Mike just looked amused.  He took charge
and started to order.
     "I'll have a burger, well done with everything, some fries, a side of
onion rings and a Budweiser.  My friend here will have a hot dog, make it a
foot long, an order of fries and a Budweiser too."  The waitress gave Mike
a look, obviously considering his age, since the drinking age was 18. But
then she looked back to me and gave me a big smile.
     "I'll be right back with your drinks, guys," she grinned and me and
leaned in close to get my menu.
     Mike watched her as she walked away.  "Knew I would be able to get a
beer when I saw her checking you out.  You are proving more useful than I
thought.  She thinks you are hot, faggot.  If only she knew that you like
to get cock even more than she does....wonder what she would say?"  I
suddenly sat bolt upright in my seat as I felt Mike's foot push into my
crotch.  I looked at him in alarm to see that wicked smirk on his face
again.  His foot pressed against my cock a few times getting me completely
stiff again and making me break out into a sweat.  Seeing that, he dropped
his foot.  A minute or two later, the waitress returned with our beers.
She set Mike's on the table, but handed mine to me.
     "Here, honey, you better take a drink.  You are looking pretty warm."
I managed to thank her and she smiled at me before walking away.  Mike was
chuckling.
     "You were looking more than warm, pussyboy."  He took a swig of beer.
"Ahh, this is good.  I like a nice cold beer with a good meal before a
major workout."  He took another swig, and so did I.  "And this is gonna be
the biggest workout you've ever experienced, bitch."
     A few minutes later, our food arrived.  The waitress tried to flirt
with me some more, but I was too distracted by the young stud sitting
across for me to appreciate it.  I couldn't believe that I was letting a
kid almost two years younger than me dominate me in such a public fashion.
I looked around to see if anyone had noticed Mike's foot play, but there
weren't many people in the restaurant at that time.  I watched as Mike dug
into his food, admiring even the muscles in his jaws as they worked to chew
his food.  God!  I just couldn't get enough of this sexy young stud.  My
cock was so hard in my shorts that I was squirming on the seat trying to
find a comfortable position.  Mike watched me with an amused look on his
face.
     "Why don't you start on that footlong, boy?  You need to get some
practice with long pieces of meat before we get back to Doug's room."  I
blushed again, making Mike laugh loud enough for the waitress to look over
at us.  He lowered his voice.  "So, Doug tells me you can take every inch
he's got down your throat.  That true?"
     I almost choked, but looking at him, saw he was serious.  I nodded
yes, since my mouth was full of food.
     "Well, Doug's big, but I got him beat.  I am gonna enjoy getting every
inch of my cock down your throat.  And believe me, you will take it, every
fucking inch!  Man, I can't wait to use those sweet lips of yours.  I've
had a lot of guys swing on my cock, but they've all been my own age.  It's
gonna be sweet to make you take my dick.  Big college stud.  Big jock.  Big
man on campus.  Gonna be just my toy to play with tonight."  I continued to
eat, not having a clue what I should say.  My cock was fit to burst though
and when I wiped my mouth with my napkin, I discreetly ripped a piece off
and slid it into my shorts to the head of my cock.  I had to use something
to soak up the precum I was leaking just from this boy's nasty talk.
Fortunately, Mike was busy finishing his beer and didn't see me do it.
     He ordered us another round of beers, which the waitress was happy to
bring.  She let her hand slide against mine when she handed me the cold
bottle.  Mike watched with interest.  When she left again, he said, "She's
hot for you, no doubt.  But a fag like you doesn't need pussy. You got your
own.  And I am gonna own it tonight," Mike stared straight into my
eyes. "In ways you've never imagined.
     By now, I had finished my meal and my beers and Mike quickly polished
off the last of his brew.  He set down his bottle and signaled the girl to
bring the check.  She brought it over and perched on the edge of the table,
close to me.
     "How was everything?" she asked.
     "He liked the long dog, honey," Mike said, "but I think he would have
preferred it if it had been juicier."  The girl gave me, then Mike a
strange look.  "Pay the bill, Clay," Mike ordered.  I pulled out enough
money for the bill and a tip.  The girl took it and left, still looking
confused about Mike's comment.  As she walked away, Mike reached across the
table, grabbed the front of my shirt and pulled forward. "Now it's time for
me to put you through your paces, pussyboy.  Let's get outta here."
     I used my napkin to hide my bulging crotch all the way to the door
where Mike noticed it.  He knocked it out of my hand as we left the
building.  "Don't do shit like that, boy, or you're gonna piss me off.  You
won't like me if I'm pissed off.  Got it?"
     "Yes sir." I replied meekly.  Mike had intimidated me as effectively
as Doug or Lyle had done.
     The guys were no longer on the wall as we walked back to Doug's room,
but I felt like every person in every car that went by was staring at my
barely clad body and stiff cock.  I led Mike into the dorm entrance and we
ran into a buddy of mine who lived on the floor above me.  He stopped to
say hi and I introduced him to Mike.  They shook hands and I watched as the
two studs chatted for a minute.  Then Mason turned to say goodbye to me and
caught a better look at me.
     "I think you need to find yourself a chick, pretty quickly buddy.
Your showin' a bunch."  Mason nodded to my crotch.
     "He needs more than some time with a chick, dude.  Come on Clay, get
in here."  It was obviously a command and Mason gave me a strange look as I
obeyed and followed the young stud into my dorm room.  I knew that Mason
knew something strange was happening.  Mike shut the door and turned to me.
Mike led me back through the bathroom to Doug's rooms.  "You were covering
your crotch on the way out, faggot.  I didn't like that.  Now, I've seen
your chest and abs and you've got a nice build on you. Let's see the rest.
Strip, faggot!"  As I pulled off the t-shirt, Mike took off his own shirt.
Then I kicked off my sandals and shucked off my shorts.  The piece of
napkin that I had used to soak up the juice leaking from my cock fell to
the floor.  I saw Mike face darken.
     "Who told you to put that there, bitch?" he demanded.
     "I...well...um..."
     "Shut your mouth faggot.  You are taking too many liberties.  I own
your ass, you understand that?  I fucking own it!  Obviously you haven't
quite figured that out yet."  Mike sat down on the desk chair again.  "Get
your ass over here.  NOW!"
     I padded over to him on bare feet, my cock hard and jutting up in
front of me, until I was standing in front of him.  I wasn't sure what he
had in mind.  He made his intentions clear immediately.  Grabbing my arm he
pulled me to one side of him and the chair. He stretched up and grabbed my
hair, then pulled me downwards until I was sprawled across his lap, my ass
in the air and exposed.
     "No way," I thought.  "There is no way on Earth I am gonna let some
punk kid whip my ass!  I struggled to get up, but Mike firmly grabbed my
balls and squeezed.  I froze in place.  Mike wasn't squeezing hard enough
to cause me serious pain, but he now had my utter and complete attention,
and of course my total submission.  He gave another quick squeeze.
     "You gonna behave and take what I have to dish out, faggot?  It'll be
easier on you if you do."
     "Yes, Sir.  I will behave, Sir."  God I couldn't believe what I was
saying, but the kid had me, literally, by the balls.  Then he moved his leg
a bit and the truth hit me like a ton of bricks.  My cock had gone from
semi-hard to a full blown raging hardon when he had bent me over his knees.
Fuck, I actually wanted this.  I wanted this highschool jock to whip my
ass!  Mike grabbed the back of my neck firmly, holding me in place.  I felt
him release my balls and it was only about two seconds before the first
slap hit my ass.  I yelped with an exclamation of pain and surprise.  I
thought I would die!  Not from the pain, but from the humiliation of
getting put over the knee of a sixteen year old and getting my ass whupped
by him and from the knowledge that I was getting off on it!  The next smack
landed with a loud crack and Mike spread his legs a bit to capture my hard
cock between them.  The rough denim scratched at my dick as Mike landed
blow after blow on my ass, keeping it up until I was begging him to stop.
The friction on my cock was driving me crazy and the stinging pain of his
spanking me was radiating all the way up my spine.  Finally, it seemed Mike
had released enough aggression on my ass and he stopped.
     "That's better.  I like a pussyboy's ass nice and red before I fuck
it.  You want me to fuck your ass, boy?  You want me to put you on the bed
and shove my big dick up inside you?  Huh?  Tell me what you want!"
     Tears were streaming down my cheeks from the humiliation more than the
pain as I said, "I want you to fuck me, Sir.  I want you to shove your cock
into me and fuck my pussy, Sir."  God, I had said it, said it to a sixteen
year old kid!  Mike pushed me off his lap onto the floor.  I landed on my
side and rolled onto my back.  Unsure what to do, I just lay there,
watching him as he stood and unbuttoned his jeans.  Mike kicked off his
shoes and then slid out of his jeans.  He had on boxers which were tented
up by his hardening cock.  I was surprised, after five minutes of beating
my ass, the kid still wasn't fully hard!  My own cock was leaking onto my
abs from the turn on that Mike had given me.  As I lay there, the cold hard
tile soothing my ass and hurting my shoulders, Mike removed the last of his
clothes.  His cock sprang out, now fully erect and I knew how he had made
guys into "locker room sluts" as he had called them.  Hell, if I had been
in highschool with him I probably would have found myself on my knees with
that rod in my mouth.
     It was longer than Keith's, who had the longest cock I had seen to
date.  It was also thicker than any other guy's I had seen.  Actually, my
own cock was pretty thick, probably thicker than Doug's and definitely
thicker than Johnny's.  But Mike seemed to be in a league of his own.  I
started to rise, but Mike lifted his foot, placed it firmly on my chest and
pushed me back onto the floor.  I watched as he grabbed his cock with his
right hand and stroked it.  My guess was that it was over ten inches.  Mike
saw my stare and said proudly "Ten and three quarter inches long and more
than seven around at the thickest point, which is right about here."  He
grabbed a place about an inch or so from the very base of his horse cock.
"Most guys squeal like babies when I get to that point inside them.  But if
Doug says you are as well trained as you are, you should be able to take it
easy."
     I was shocked.  Sure, Doug had trained me to take cock and taught me
to love it, but I hadn't taken anything this size.  The closest was Keith's
cock and that had only been in my mouth.  My ass had never had anything
that size.  I wasn't sure about the circumference of the butt plug that
Doug had used on me, but was sure that it wasn't the size or thickness of
Mike's tool.  I lay there, with his foot pinning me to the floor feeling
like I was in some gladiator movie where I had just been conquered.  I know
that was the intent Mike was trying to convey.  He was establishing himself
as the dominant male, though in my mind he had already done so quite
effectively.
     "So, boy, you ready to slobber all over my big dick?  I plan to shove
it own your throat, so you better to be ready for that too."  He took his
foot off my chest.  " Get up and in on the bed, faggot!"  I obeyed and
climbed onto the bed, laying on my back.  Mike wasted no time climbing on
top of me and aiming his weapon at my face.  I didn't know how I was going
to take such length, but looking up at the hot young stud, all I wanted to
do was make him feel good, no matter how much it degraded or humiliated me
to do so.  Hell my ass still stung from being spanked by the kid.  Sucking
his cock was a step up from that humiliation.  Mike moved closer, rubbing
his cock across my cheeks and all over my face.  Then he pulled away for a
second and closed his eyes.  His cock seemed to wilt a bit, but he thrust
his hips forward and the head slipped between my lips.  I started to lick
and suck at the big head but he ordered me to be still.
     I looked up along his tight body to see him still with his eyes
closed.  He seemed to be relaxing a bit and as I watched his eyes opened.
He looked down at me and grabbed my head with both hands, holding tight.
Then came the first spurt.  I almost gagged.  I had never expected this!
The kid was pissing in my mouth!  I struggled a bit, but my head was
pressed back into the pillows of Doug's bed and Mike's grip was like a
vise.  Then he spoke.
     "You spill a drop of my piss boy, and that little ass whupping you got
will seem like a nice pat on the butt.  And think what Doug will do if you
get piss on his bed.  Now drink it!"  I had no other option and as he let
the stream grow, I began to gulp it down.  My face was red with shame and
humiliation.  Not only had the younger kid beat my ass like I was a baby,
he was pissing in my mouth!  I tried to concentrate on something else, but
Mike kept talking.
     "Just think, you cocksucker.  You are getting to drink the beer that
you bought me after all."  He laughed.  "It's just been through a fine
filter first."  I was drinking it down more easily now, just ignoring the
taste and gulping as fast as I could.  "That's right, pissboy.  Swallow it
all down.  You need to learn that if it comes out of my cock, you are to
worship it.  I figured Doug hadn't made you drink his piss.  He isn't much
into it, but I know what you fucking cocksluts need.  Ahhhh, fuck yeah.  I
am just about dry, fagboy.  See, you take to it like a natural." I was
obediently and even willingly swallowing his hot piss.  "Shit! You are as
good at this as I am sure you are at sucking dick.  Ahh, one more squirt!
That's it.  Now, get that mouth moving, cocksucker.  It is time for you to
work out that load of cum from my balls that you know you want."  He leaned
back a bit and grabbed my cock, which as always, betrayed me, being hard as
a rock as I drank this boy's piss.  "See faggot?  Hard cock while you drank
my piss.  You know you love it."
     I couldn't think of anything that could be more humiliating, but I
obediently went to work, slowly working my way further and further down the
length of his cock.  At about seven inches I began to choke and gag, but
Mike just pushed harder, forcing the thick head of his dick into my throat
and then down deeper and deeper.  The angle to take such a long cock wasn't
the best, but Mike didn't care about that.  He planned to get every inch
into my throat and nothing I could do would stop him.  Actually, I was
bigger than him in a physical sense and certainly stronger, having two
years growth on him, but he had mastered me mentally just like his brother
had done.  Even though I could overpower him physically and force him out
of my mouth, I knew I wouldn't do it.  I would submit to this invasion and
deep inside something in me admitted that I wanted to taste the boy's cum.
I wanted to feel it spurting into my mouth and hear and feel him get that
ultimate pleasurable release.  And, more importantly, know that I was the
one who had provided it.
     I began to use my tongue on the head when he pulled his hips back,
lapping at it and teasing it the way Doug liked me to do it.  When he sank
the shaft in, with a quick thrust of his hips, I clamped my lips tight onto
his cock shaft, milking it hard.  I was totally into it now.  I wanted to
make this young stud cum.  My throat was full and I was gasping for air in
between his thrusts.  He just fucked harder.  My eyes were watering from
the assault and I felt like I was going to pass out, then Mike pulled back
to let the head rest on my tongue and I sucked in a few deep breaths of
air.  "No passing out, bitch.  At least, not until I blow my wad down your
throat."
     He began to fuck again.  He was using my mouth like some pussy,
hammering his cock in and out.  I managed to keep my teeth covered, not
wanting to face what might happen if I scraped his cock.  I also tilted my
head a bit upwards.  This not only let me look at more than just the hair
of his crotch, it gave a slightly better angle for his thrusts.  Mike was
quick to take advantage of it.  Moaning steadily, he pumped and pumped and
pumped.  My whole face seemed numb from the battering it was taking, but as
I looked up at him, Mike had his eyes closed in contentment.  His hips
seemed to be on automatic.  This continued for another four or five minutes
until I noticed a change in his breathing.  The rate had been steadily
increasing, but now he was gasping.  I knew he was going to cum.
     Mike let loose with a wild shout of pleasure that I was sure could be
heard even through the thick walls of the dorm.  "Take my cum you fucking
cocksucker!" he screamed.  I felt his cock, which he jammed completely into
my throat, pulsing and knew his seed was being pumped into me.  After what
I guessed to be four or five spurts, he slowly pulled back his cock until
the head was in my mouth.  I looked down the length of his shaft, covered
in my spit and some of his pearly white sperm and took three more blasts
onto my tongue.  "Jesus," I thought, "the kid tastes even better than his
brother!"
     I greedily added more suction and used my tongue to lick at the slit
where cum was still emerging.  A smack to the side of my head stopped me.
"Goddammit!  My cockhead gets sensitive after I cum, you dumb piece of
shit!  Stop using your tongue!"  I immediately stopped moving and let him
soak his cock in my mouth as a few more drops dribbled out of the head.  I
carefully swallowed them, after looking up and getting his nod of approval.
He grinned as he watched the muscles of my neck and throat work to take the
last of his load to my stomach.
     "Gave you a good load there, cocksucker.  You should thank me."  He
pulled his cock from my mouth and stared down at me, obviously waiting.
     "Thank you for cumming in my mouth, Sir."  The size of his grin grew
even larger.  I looked up at him with new respect.  He had dominated me in
ways I hadn't even imagined, just as he had promised, as I had actually
enjoyed it.  I wanted nothing more than to grab my cock and jack off with
his cock still in my face, or better yet, back in my mouth.  I still had
the taste of his cum lingering, but knew better than to reach for my cock.
To my delight, he ordered me to clean up his cock and I used one hand to
hold it, so that I could lick the remains of his semen from the shaft and
the carefully from the head.  When I had him cleaned up, Mike climbed off
the bed and looked at me critically.
     "You've got a nice body, boy.  Nice and fuckable.  That round in your
mouth was just for starters.  Now I will last a lot longer in your tight
little hole.  Watching you drink my piss had me hot enough to want to blow
a quick load.  I still can't believe you fucking pussyboys will drink a
guy's piss!  You fucking sick faggots just can't get enough of real men.
My slut back at school is the same way.  Oh, he struggled a bit at first,
but the next day he was fucking asking me for it."  He sneered down at me.
"Now, I am gonna take your hot little hole, but I want you trussed up for
it.  Doug told me you dig getting tied up, so go get me some stuff to do it
with.  Right now!"
     Mike sat back on the bed and watched me as I got up.  My face felt hot
and I knew it had to be red from the abuse my mouth had just taken.  I
started to reach for my shorts, but a command barked at me stopped me.  I
was to go to my room, naked, and bring back restraints.  No longer
resisting and even feeling kind of turned on by the thought, I made my way
through the bathroom to my rooms.  As I rummaged in my closet, I saw a
piece of paper on Seth's bed.  It was a note.  He was spending the night at
his girlfriend's place.  I was kind of relieved, though I had thought that
maybe his presence would be a calming factor with Mike.  Now that was out
of the question.  I found two ties and a long length of rope that was
stashed with my camping gear.  I grabbed it all and snuck back through the
bathroom to Mike.
     He was still sitting on the bed, relaxed and stroking his fully erect
cock.  "Where's your roomie?  Doug says he likes to play and that he is a
real man."
     "He left a note, Sir, that he was spending the night at his
girlfriend's."
     "Poor cocksucker.  I can tell you are disappointed.  I bet you wanted
to get it at both ends at once from us tonight.  Well, don't worry.  I am
more than you will be able to handle.  Now, give me that shit."
     I handed him the ties and the rope and he examined them.  He tossed
the ties away, then rose, went to Doug's desk and cut the rope into four
pieces.  He turned to me.
     "These will do just fine."  The tone of his voice had changed and gave
me a chill again, though the sexual tension and excitement in my body
overrode any concerns.  I wanted this young man.  Hell, he may have only
been a high school punk, but he had proved his manliness in more ways than
one.  I had a load of not only his hot cum in my stomach, but his piss as
well.  Remembering that made my cock stand up and throb even more.
     "Shit," I thought, "what were these guys making me into?"  I knew the
answer, of course, but still found it hard to admit it, even just in my own
mind.
     "Get on the bed, on your back, faggot.  It's time that you got a good
feel of what it is like to get plowed by Mike's big dick."  He grabbed his
cock and stroked it again.  Desire for it and for him welled up in me.  I
simply obeyed, getting onto the bed.
     Mike walked over and leaned over me, his hard cock brushing my chest
and making me shudder with desire.  He took hold of my right wrist and
quickly and efficiently tied it to the bed rail.  As he tied my left wrist,
I got the impression that he had done this more than once.  With my arms
effectively immobilized, he began to play with my body.  First he ran his
fingers over my face, feeling my cheeks and my lips, then sliding first
one, then two fingers into my mouth.  I took them and sucked at them like
the good little faggot he wanted me to be.  Then both his hands moved to my
throat.  He clamped them there tightly.  It wasn't enough to cut off my air
or hurt me, but the feeling of his power over me tripled in that instant.
Our eyes met and I knew that he did, in fact, own me at that point.  And I
realized that I was enjoying his ownership.
     Looking into his eyes I saw Mike measuring me, taking an inventory of
his toy.  His hands traveled to my chest and I heard him mumble a comment
about my muscles looking good.  My chest swelled a little hearing that, and
Mike took that opportunity to grab my nipples and squeeze, hard.  I winced
in pain as he began to twist them too.  Soon, they were both hard and Mike
released them, only to flick them again and again with his middle fingers,
driving me crazy.
     By now I was writhing on the bed, but unable to free my wrists.  I was
just going to have to take whatever he dished out.  Finally, to my immense
relief, his hands moved further down my body, pulling at the hairs on my
chest and that grew in a line from my navel down to my crotch.  At first he
just pulled, but then he grabbed individual ones and plucked them out of my
skin.  The little nips of pain weren't really enough to cause me real
discomfort, but the humiliation of having this kid actually pulling hairs
out of my body was totally degrading.
     I looked at Mike's face again and saw how much he was enjoying his
treatment of me.  Still, my cock remained hard and leaking precum.  I
couldn't very well tell him that I wasn't enjoying what he was doing, but
decided I had nothing to lose.
     "Hey, Sir.  Enough of that." I said, trying to add some authority to
my voice.  Mike just laughed and grabbed another hair.  Slowly, almost
agonizingly, he pulled at it, harder and harder, until it finally broke
free.  I looked at him with resignation, admitting defeat.  Apparently,
that was what he had been waiting to see.  He grinned at me again.
     "Now it's time to fuck that tight little hole of yours, pussyboy.  I
know that Doug has stretched it out, and I guess Johnny has too.  Doug even
said you had let some other guys have a crack at it, but you've never had
anything like I am about to put to you, faggot.  I am gonna ream you out
like the pussy you are."  He grabbed his huge cock and massaged it, milking
some precum onto the head.
     "Get ready to open up wide for a real man, pussyboy!" he ordered.  I
spread my legs on the bed for him.
     I had to admit that the kid was very good looking.  His body was well
proportioned.  A bit on the thin side, but kind of lanky and lean.  His
muscles were pretty well defined and I could tell he had spent time with
weights or involved in some high school sport.  I was almost ashamed of
myself for liking his appearance so much, but as he grabbed my cock again,
I surrendered to my desires.  I wanted to feel this kid mount me, just like
his big brother had done and fuck me into submission.  I knew with a cock
his size, it would be easy for him to do it.  I briefly wondered about the
pussyboys he had mentioned earlier, especially that 'Rob' he had talked
about.  Trying to imagine taking that cock in highschool, and being a slave
to it until graduation both excited me and scared me.  Obviously, there was
at least one guy that was taking it regularly.  I watched Mike as he moved
again onto the bed.  He used his knees to spread my legs even wider,
getting me ready for the ultimate in submission.  I was actually going to
have a highschool punk fuck me up the ass!  I had no way of stopping him
and realized that even taking into account his size, I wanted what was
going to happen.
     Mike lifted my legs from behind my knees and put them on his
shoulders.  This was a position with which I was familiar from many times
with his older brother.  I felt the head of his cock poking at my ass.
     "Feels like you've got a tight hole, college-man," he said derisively.
"But with a dick my size, all the holes are tight.  You're about to get a
real treat!  Doug says you've got a girlfriend.  Wonder what she would say
if she saw you right now?"  Saying that, he began to shove forward.
     Just the head of his cock felt like some guy's arm.  I felt it
stretching my hole, wider and wider, until I cried out in pain, then it
suddenly popped in, my tight ass clenching behind the flared head.  Mike
let out a moan of appreciation and pleasure.  Without any warning, he
immediately rammed all of the remaining length of his cock into me.  Inch
after inch sank into me getting wider and wider.  I thought I would pass
out and my wail of pain could certainly be heard beyond the confines of the
dorm room.  Then the widest part of his cock slid into me and my hole
clamped onto the base of his cock.  Mike held himself deeply inside me as
my guts tried to accommodate his invading cock.  My eyes were watering from
the penetration and as I looked up at Mike, he laughed.
     "No need to cry, collegeboy.  You've got it all in you.  Nice and
quick.  How'd you like it?"
     I couldn't even answer.  My breath had been forced out with his
thrust.  I could feel his cock pulsing inside me with his heartbeat.  I
managed to let out a groan of pain, stuffed so full I thought the head of
his cock was lodged in my throat again, but from the other end.  Mike
watched my face closely and began to move his hips in small circles.  This
caused his cock to poke into me at different angles.  I moaned this time,
my ass beginning to get used to Mike's invading monster.  He must have seen
the change in my eyes or in the look on my face because he grinned at me.
     "Yeah, you like my big prick poking you, dontcha boyo?  My big
fuckstick making your tight little pussy stretch out wide.  Fuck yeah, boy,
you are hot and tight.  Just the way I like 'em.  And I got these to play
with while I fuck."  He grabbed my nipples again, which were still hard as
rocks.  As he squeezed them both, he began to pull his cock back out of me.
Involuntarily, I let out a sound of protest.  Mike laughed again and
stopped his hips.
     "You fucking whore!  You don't want me to pull it out, do you?  Do
you!?"
     "Ohh, god, no sir.  Please.  Leave it in me."  The fullness of him
inside me felt incredible, but Mike was not about to be denied his fuck.
Still laughing, he yanked his cock backwards, my ass stretching at his
widest point, then tightly milking his shaft down to his flared cockhead.
He stopped with just the head in me, looked into my eyes and sank back into
me.  I moaned again in pleasure.
     That was all Mike needed.  He began to stroke his cock in and out,
using small jabs, pulling out maybe two or three inches before ramming them
back inside me.  He worked the whole length of his cock this way.  First I
had all his length in me, jabbing with small strokes, then just the head
and a few inches, then somewhere in the middle.  I was lost in the feel of
it all and the look of satisfaction and pleasure on his handsome face.  The
jabbing fuck continued for at least five minutes before Mike pulled the
entire shaft out of me and sent it back in with a long stroke.  He did it
again, making me moan.  My arms pulled at the bindings, trying to break
free and reach my cock.  I wanted nothing more than to stroke my dick and
shoot my load with this boy's dick up inside me.
     Little did I know that was exactly what Mike wanted too.  Long dicking
me, he let one hand slide down from my chest, feeling the muscles of my
abs.  Then, as he thrust into me again, he grabbed my cock.  I let out a
gasp of pleasure as Mike squeezed my dick, forcing precum from the head.  I
looked up into his eyes again.
     "Feels good, doesn't it, faggot?  You like me playing with your stick
while I pump your pussy.  I can tell.  Well we got a long way to go boy.  A
long way."  I was too lost in the pleasure to really listen to what he was
saying.  Mike pulled his cock out of me completely.
     "You want it back in?" he asked, stroking my cock slightly.  I nodded.
"Then say it, bitch.  Tell me what you want!"
     "I want your cock back in me Sir!  Please fuck my ass Sir!"  I had
said it and I meant it.  I was so turned on by his fucking and his playing
with my own cock, I would have said anything.
     Mike forced his dick back into me.  His left hand continued to play
with my nipples, alternating his attention between them and keeping them
hard.  His right hand began to stroke my cock in earnest now.  I knew it
wouldn't be long before I blew.  I was moaning loudly now and Mike was
chuckling at me.  His cock stroked in deep, then pulled out completely,
then stroked in deep again.  With each thrust, he pulled completely out of
me.  My hole was so sore, but I was in complete heaven at that point.
     "Shoot it for me, boy.  Shoot your wad for you Master.  Come on
faggot!  Shoot your damn cum!"  His hand seemed like a blur on my cock,
milking it faster and faster.
     "Oh!  OH!  OH SHIT!" I cried out as I came, shooting the first spurt
up onto my right cheek.  "Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" I nearly screamed, as
Mike's hand and cock worked their magic.  My orgasm seemed to last forever
as Mike pounded into me and pounded my cock.  Four, five, then six more
spurts shot onto my chest and abs.  My whole body was tensed and my hole
had clamped down hard on Mike's cock which continued to plow into me
mercilessly.  Mike's whole body bucking.  "Ahhhhh." I moaned again, spent.
     But Mike kept pounding.  I looked up to see the wicked grin back on
his face.  The sexual tension had drained from my body.  Mike had worn me
out, but he wasn't finished.  He kept fucking into my sore ass, pulling his
cock completely free and stabbing back inside.  I couldn't take it anymore.
He was just too big!
     "Please Mike.  Stop. Please.  I can't take it anymore."
     Mike didn't stop and my arms pulled again at the restraints.  My ass
felt like it was being reamed out with a wire brush from the friction of
Mike's huge meat.  I let out a whimper of pain, which seemed to excite Mike
even more.
     "You think just because you shot your wad that I have to stop?  You
are crazy, faggot.  I told you, we have a long way to go."  He thrust in
again forcing a groan out of me.  I couldn't take any more!  Mike continued
to fuck, taking his pleasure in my distress.  Then, he reached for my
nipples again.  Under his skilled fingers, they began to harden once again.
They hurt as the blood flowed into them, but they responded, starting a
reaction deep in my mind and body.  Mike scooped up some of the cum from my
cheek and forced his finger into my mouth.  The taste of my own cum added
to it.  Unbelievably, my cock was starting to harden again!  Mike played my
entire body like an instrument, his cock never completely stopping.  Though
he changed his style of fucking to jabs, long strokes, circular motions and
everything in between, his cock never stopped.
     Suddenly, his right hand found my cock again, and my body completely
responded to him.  My moan this time was one of pleasure.  I looked back up
at Mike to see him staring intently into my eyes.  He seemed to fuck me
with his eyes just as he fucked me with his cock.  Mike fed me more of my
own cum.  His hand squeezed my cock and he shoved completely into me again.
He held himself there.
     "Do you really want me to stop, faggot?  Really?"
     He had me and he knew it.  My cock was throbbing hard in his hand and
I wanted to cum again.  "No," I admitted.  "Don't stop."  His grin was one
of triumph and he hauled his cock back out of me.  The pain was there
still, but I was now hyped up again, desire filling me.  Mike's cock reamed
me out, making me gasp as he fucked me even harder than he had before.  The
entire bed shook with the force of his thrusts.  Once again he milked my
dick.  He timed his rapid thrusts to the movement of his hand.  I was lost
in a mix of pleasure and pain in my ass and guts and pure pleasure from my
cock and nipples.
     I could feel my cum boiling in my balls again.  I was going to explode
again soon.  I looked up at Mike's face.  Sweat was beaded on his forehead
and dripping off his nose.  He moved his face over mine and let it drip
into my mouth.  The salty taste of this young buck was too much and with
another loud moan, my cock blew for the second time.  Four large spurts of
cum shot onto my abs, much more weakly than my first orgasm, but still a
large load.  I knew the muscles of my ass were really milking Mike's cock
from the moans and hisses of pleasure which came from his clenched teeth.
But, for the second time, my sexual energy was spent and the fucking of
Mike's large tool was like torture.
     "Oh, god.  Please, Mike, Sir.  Please, I can't take it anymore.  Oh,
shit!"  That seemed to be what he wanted to hear and I realized that he was
straining not to cum, to force me to beg him to stop before he ever would.
Every muscle in his neck and chest was standing out with tension.  "Please
Sir!  Please, your fucking is too much!  Oh my god!  Please stop!"
     With a bellow of pleasure and dominance, Mike let his load free.  His
cock continued to pound into me as he came, filling me with his hot cum.
The friction eased a bit as his load lubed his cock, but still I was
begging for him to stop.  Mike's eyes locked onto mine and the wicked grin
played across his lips.  The pleasure of his orgasm was plain on his face,
but so was the pleasure of his domination of me.  I let out a grunt with
each thrust.  Mike continued in motion until my ass had milked every drop
of his cum out of his long cock, driving me nearly crazy.  Mike was
breathing hard, almost panting with the effort he had put into his fuck and
his punishment of my ass.
     Finally, Mike thrust completely inside me and stopped moving.  While
still full, this was heaven compared to the friction of his huge cock.  I
moaned in mingled pleasure and pain.  Sweat continued to drip onto me,
mixing with my own cum.  Mike lowered himself, allowing my legs to slide
off his shoulders and down his sides.  I licked at his sweaty throat as his
cock softened inside me, enjoying the salty taste of his skin.  After two
or three minutes, Mike slowly pulled his cock out of me, staring into my
eyes as he did so.  I struggled to keep my face calm, but a twitch as he
pulled completely free gave me away.
     "Sore, faggot?  You took it pretty well.  Course you've had some
training from my big bro.  First time I did that to my fag at school, he
passed out."  Mike chuckled.  "This is gonna be a great weekend.  Mike
raised up and let my legs drop to the bed on either side of him.  Still on
his knees he crawled up the bed over me and forced his cock into my mouth,
making me suck and lick it until it was clean.

** Author's note: Thanks to all who sent emails.  They are greatly
appreciated and have been what has kept the story going past where I had
planned to end it.  Any comments or suggestions are appreciated.  I had
intended to write about the entire weekend with Mike in one chapter, but it
will be easier to break up that time period.  The first night with Mike has
not even ended and Doug and Johnny returned shortly after this point.
Please let me know if you'd like me to continue.**

